JUMP TO: About Us | Calendar | DukeHub | Proxy Access | Transcripts & Verifications | FERPA | Help Guides
About Us
The OUR office is located near East Campus. Click the button below to find out more about OUR. Stay on this page to learn more about areas of interest for incoming and returning students.
Academic Calendar
DukeHub
DukeHub is Duke University’s official online portal for students, faculty, and advisors. Visit dukehub.duke.edu to view your student record and complete tasks such as:
- Ordering transcripts and enrollment verifications
- Paying bills
- Registering for classes
- Viewing and editing personal information
- Applying to graduate
DukeHub also provides access to the information in the table to the right.
| Academic | Bursar |
|---|---|
|
|
| Financial Aid | Personal |
|
|
Proxy Access
A student has the right of consent for their records, but they can grant an authorized user Proxy Access, which allows that person to view parts of the student’s academic record.
Students have control over the amount of access a user is given. A student can grant access to specific areas of DukeHub (see above for examples).
Authorized users will have view-only access to most items.
Students can enable Proxy Access in DukeHub by going to the Profile page and clicking the edit icon next to Relationships/Student Proxy Access.
Transcripts & Verifications
Ordering Transcripts
Current students and those who have graduated in the past year should order transcripts via DukeHub. You can also download an unofficial transcript from DukeHub. More information about transcripts is available on our Transcripts page.
Enrollment Verifications
In most cases, current students should use DukeHub to request an enrollment verification. DukeHub generates a PDF available for immediate download. More information about verifications is available on our Verifications page.
FERPA
This policy:
- permits students to inspect their education records;
- limits disclosure to others of personally-identifiable information from education records without students’ prior written consent; and
- provides students the opportunity to seek correction of their education records where appropriate.
Student Help Guides
Help guide: Grading Basis (for students)
Help guide: Register for Classes
Help guide: Request Summer/Winter Enrollment
Help guide: Student Financial Responsibility Agreement
Help guide: Student Verification of Data
Help guide: Understanding FERPA
Help guide: Use Permission Numbers