Student Disability Access Office (SDAO)
Welcome to Duke University from the staff at the Student Disability Access Office (SDAO). SDAO is the office on campus that has been charged with and is committed to providing educational opportunities for students with disabilities in compliance with Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (ADA), and the ADA Amendments Act of 2008.
Student Disability Access Office, which is a part of the Duke Access and Accommodation Services Department, is located at 1121 W. Main Street, in the Bevan (Old Coca Cola) building. The office is open to the public from 8:30 am - 4:30 pm. We encourage you to schedule an appointment, but we can try to meet with anyone who drops in.
Current Updates
2026 - 2027 Housing Accommodation Information
The following is information from the Housing and Residential Life Housing Calendar website with details regarding the 26-27 process:
All housing process timelines are tentative and may be changed at the discretion of the Housing Assignments Office.
Tuesday, 2/17 through Friday, 2/20 - 26-27 Housing Application LIVE via the housing portal. Students can complete the application until Noon (12:00 pm) on Friday, 2/20.
Wednesday, 2/26 - SDAO Accommodation deadline. Approved accommodations must be received by HRL from SDAO for students to participate in SDAO accommodation assignment process.
- Any student who has approved housing accommodations submitted after this date (February 26, 2026) and are NOT met through the room selection process must apply for reassignment in June.
Virtual office hours
Please Click here to access the Virtual Office Hours Page for detailed information on available times and days to meet with an accessibility coordinator. This page also includes instructions for scheduling a virtual Otter AI appointment, as well as options for booking virtual appointments for both undergraduate and graduate students.
Requesting Accommodations
Please Click here to access the Accommodate Student Portal Page for detailed information on requesting student accommodations. Once your request has been processed, you will receive an email with a scheduling link to meet with a coordinator.
Core Functions of SDAO
- To establish services for equitable access on campus through partnership with students with disabilities.
- To manage, coordinate, implement and evaluate accommodation and service programs.
- To serve as a resource to students, faculty, and staff regarding access to academic and campus services
- To provide resource and referral information to the campus community at Duke and prospective students and their families.
SDAO works with each student individually to establish academic accommodations including adjustments, auxiliary aids and services for the purpose of mitigating barriers to students' access to campus facilities, programs, and activities. For more information about how to establish services with SDAO, please contact our office.
Contact SDAO
Email: sdao@duke.edu
Phone: 919-668-1267
Requesting Accommodations
Information for Instructors
As Duke University continues its efforts to welcome individuals with disabilities, the number of qualified students with disabilities has continued to increase. In order for the University to ensure timely exploration of necessary accommodations, academic units have identified individuals to serve as Disability Service Liaisons who work in collaboration with the Student Disability Access Office.
Rights & Responsibilities
Students with disabilities and the University have specific rights and responsibilities to ensure that students with disabilities are provided with reasonable, necessary, and appropriate accommodations and have equal access to all programs and activities. It is imperative that these rights and responsibilities are fully understood and followed by both parties in order to provide a welcoming and inclusive environment.