Duke University ranks as one of the leading universities in the world for academic programs, medicine, and research. The special Employee Tuition Rate Program is designed to make Duke’s academic coursework more accessible to its employees by offering greatly reduced tuition rates for most undergraduate courses.
The program can be used for up to two courses in a Fall or Spring semester or one course per Summer term, whether enrolled for academic credit or audit.
The Duke Continuing Studies Employee Tuition Rate Program and Duke University’s Employee Tuition Assistance Program (ETAP) are separate and distinct programs. Visit the Duke Human Resources website for more information about Employee Tuition Assistance Program.
For Credit
If you would like to take a course for academic credit during the Fall or Spring semesters, you must complete the Continuing Studies’ application process
Visit the Undergraduate Coursework page for more information.
If you would like to take a course for academic credit in the summer but with no plans to continue into the fall, complete the Summer Session application/registration form found on the Visiting Students page.
Anyone enrolling in a course for academic credit, whether during the regular academic year or in the summer, is required to pay a one-time $120 transcript fee.
Please complete the Employee Special Tuition Rate Request Form.
For Audit
If you would like to audit a Duke course, you must obtain the permission of the course instructor. Read more about the privileges and responsibilities of auditing a university course.
Please complete the Employee Special Tuition Rate Request Form.
Questions? Email summer@duke.edu
Duke employees who work in a regular job position for 20 hours per week or more are eligible for the special Duke Employee Tuition Rate Program. Full-time Duke students and individuals working as temporary staff through Duke Temporary Services do not qualify for this program.
Duke employees may enroll in undergraduate level courses for academic credit or for audit at greatly reduced tuition rates.
For Academic Credit: Employees may enroll in an undergraduate course valued at one course credit for $975.
For Auditing: Employees may audit an undergraduate course valued at one course credit for $100.
As a general rule, one Duke semester course is equivalent to four semester hours for transfer credit purposes. Transfer credit is ultimately determined by the receiving institution.
Employees should pay their portion of the tuition according to the regular payment dates of the Bursar’s Office. Any remaining balance on the employee’s account will be waived once the grant is applied.
Special employee tuition rates pertain to courses numbered from 1 to 499 and include courses sponsored by Trinity College of Arts & Sciences, and the Sanford School of Public Policy.
Special rates do not apply to music lessons, dance technique and performance courses, physical education activity courses, independent studies or practicums, House courses, Global Education (study abroad) programs, medical science courses or courses originating from the Pratt School of Engineering. This is not an exhaustive list. General academic policies – such as course prerequisites and courses requiring the consent of the instructor – remain in effect.
Please consult the current public course schedule. If you have a question about a specific course, send an email to eat18@duke.edu.
NOTE: The special tuition rate of $975 does not apply to undergraduate coursework taken as part of a graduate degree program because of IRS law and tax implications.
How many courses can I take, using the Employee Tuition Grant, in a single academic semester or term?
The Duke Employee Tuition Grant may be used for a maximum of two courses in a Fall or Spring semesters or one course per summer term, whether enrolled for academic credit or audit.
How does payment for my course work if I am using the Employee Tuition Grant?
To avoid late payment charges, employees should be prepared to pay their portion of the tuition charge according to the regular payment dates of the Bursar’s Office. Any remaining balance on the employee’s account will be waived once the grant is applied.
I would like to take a course for credit and will apply for admission. How is the admissions decision made and when will I know the decision?
The Continuing Studies Admissions Committee will carefully review your application (especially your essay), your letter or letters of recommendation, and your transcripts to assess your likelihood of success in the Duke classroom. The Committee typically meets 5-7 business days after the application deadlines (August 1, December 1, April 15, and June 1) and immediately announces its decisions.
I don’t need academic credit and I am not interested in a subject related to my work at Duke. Can I still audit a course?
Most faculty, if there is room in their course, welcome auditors. Be sure to obtain the instructor’s permission, follow the procedures described under Auditing Courses, and understand the instructor’s expectations for you. Coursework taken under this program does not have to be related to your professional development. However, if the course’s meeting schedule falls during your normal work hours, you will need your supervisor’s support in adjusting your work schedule.
The special tuition rates are exciting, but I still worry about paying and keeping to my budget. Any suggestions?
You may want to consider setting up your tuition payment – either the $975 to take a course for credit or the $100 to audit – on a payroll deduction plan. For details and a payroll deduction form, see the Bursar’s Office web pages.
I’ve taken a few college courses, but I do not have an undergraduate degree. I have always dreamed of earning a bachelor’s degree from Duke. Is this possible?
Yes, it is. On your Continuing Studies application form, you should check the box “I plan to continue toward degree status.” Many adult students begin their Duke careers as Continuing Studies or nondegree students. After completing a minimum of four courses, achieving a B+ or better grade point average, and submitting two new letters of recommendation from Duke instructors, you may apply to be a degree candidate. If you remain a Duke employee, you can continue to utilize the special employee tuition rate to cover your tuition expenses as a degree candidate.
I thought that you had to work 30 hours or more and have been a Duke employee for six months or more to take advantage of tuition assistance. But this program sounds different.
Duke offers two separate and distinct educational assistance programs for employees. One of these is administered by Duke Human Resources and bases eligibility upon work schedule, length of service and other factors. For details see the Duke Human Resources Employee Tuition Assistance page.
Some employees may qualify to use both the HR plan (referred to as ETAP, Educational Tuition Assistance Plan) and the Employee Special Tuition Rate Program together to take coursework for academic credit.
Can I take Duke classes and transfer them to another college or university?
Duke classes are fully accredited and eligible for transfer credit. Remember that it is the receiving college or university that will determine how much transfer credit you may use towards graduation requirements and whether transfer credit can be used to satisfy requirements for a major or minor.
If you apply, are admitted, and register for a Duke course, you will also be charged a $120 Duke transcript fee. This fee provides you access to an unlimited number of Duke transcripts over your lifetime for no additional cost.
Why are graduate courses not covered by the Special Tuition Rate Program?
Unfortunately, Duke is not permitted under federal law to offer graduate courses at a reduced tuition rate. This is also true for undergraduate coursework taken to fulfill the requirements of a graduate degree.
I can’t decide whether to take a course in the summer or during the regular academic year. Does it matter?
A Summer Session application/registration form is required for individuals who only wish to study in the summer. Summer courses are very intensive, lasting only six weeks.
To enroll for academic credit in the fall or spring you are required to submit a regular non-degree undergraduate application. Fall and spring semester courses are approximately fifteen weeks in length.
No matter when a course is scheduled – summer, fall, or spring – it has been approved by the University Course Committee and meets for a minimum of 35 contact hours.
Does the special tuition rate program apply to the noncredit programs offered by Continuing Studies?
No, the special tuition rates only apply to credit course work. The rates do not apply towards any of the noncredit certificate programs, courses, workshops, or camps offered by Continuing Studies.