Getting Around Campus
- Map of campus buildings, paths of travel and additional accessibility information
- Duke Access and Accommodation Services Accessibility Map
- Accessible transportation options, including bus schedules
- Accessible parking information
- Gender Inclusive Restrooms
Getting Around Durham
Family-owned and -operated company serving Durham and the entire Triangle region. Offers six-, seven-, and 14-passenger, GPS-equipped vans available 24/7/365.
Online reservations available; credit cards and DukeCard FLEX program accepted. No need to schedule in advance – call and ride the same day. Private rides only (no shared rides and routes).
Non-emergency medical transport: Provides complete transportation services for those who are mobility impaired, including services for those with wheelchairs, walkers, scooters, and clients with special needs.
Wheelchair accessible vehicles: For this type of transportation, simply request when calling to order. Vehicles used for this service include the ramp-equipped, ADA compliant vans; low-floor vans for easy access; and step-stool for easier entry.
Click here for a link to Charlene's Safe Ride.
Durham, NC 27701
Phone: 919-957-1111
- ADA MiniVans
- Airport Transportation Service
- Other scheduled special event services
GoDurham ACCESS is the name of the ADA paratransit service for the City of Durham
GoDurham ACCESS Office1911 Fay Street
Durham NC, 27704
Durham Station Transportation Center
located at 515 W Pettigrew Street, Durham, NC 27704
Phone: 919-683-3282
Fax: 919-682-1101
- Kneeling buses and wheelchair transport. (The front of the bus lowers approximately 4" to minimize the step into the bus. This feature is in addition to the wheelchair lift.)
- Three transport vans (wheelchair lift equipped).
- Recommended: 24 hours notice for transport van
PLEASE NOTE: The Duke Campus is a dynamic environment and things change, often without advance notice. If you note any changes making the information contained on this web page no longer accurate, please contact Duke Access and Accommodation Services (formally DMS) at DAAS@duke.edu or call 919-668-1267
Campus Accessibility
Arts
Want to attend an event on Campus? Visit tickets.duke.edu for accessibility information. Under the Plan Your Visit tab, you will find a list of venues. Click on the venue for additional information including site accessibility and accessible routes at the venue.
Want to spend some time in a museum? Visit the Nasher Museum. This page is your accessible guide to the museum.
Dining
Hungry? Duke has a variety of dining options around campus. Visit Duke Dining - to see information on the various locations and dining options.
Libraries
Duke has quite a few libraries around the Campus. Go to library.duke.edu to check them out. The Libraries tab has links to the various Libraries and the About tab has information on directions and accessibility.
Recreation
Want to head to the gym? Visit recreation.duke.edu for information about the various campus recreation centers on Campus. For accessibility information for the various locations, check out Commitment to Inclusion. Page down for program information and accessibility information for the recreation centers.
Want to spend some time outdoors? Consider a visit to Duke Gardens. This page has information about the accessible areas of the gardens.
Medical Equipment / Wheelchair Rental
For your convenience DAAS and SDAO have complied a listing of local companies in the Durham, North Carolina area that provide both sales and rental of medical equipment such as wheelchairs, lifts, furniture and accessories. Please follow the link(s) below to access this resource listing:
Emergency Dorm Assistance
- The first point of contact for emergency assistance in dorm rooms (such as damaged clickers etc.) is the RA on call.
- For emergency repairs (broken elevators etc.) there is a GM mechanic on call at 919-730-9645
ADA Facilities Program Director: Chris Sparrow
The Duke Access and Accommodation Services ADA Facilities Program Director, a position created to ensure all Duke facilities continue to be compliant with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), Americans with Disabilities Amendments Act, Rehabilitation Act, and the NC State Accessibility Building Code. This position works with components throughout the University, Medical Center and Health System, and provides expertise in developing strategies for ADA compliance and in identifying and resolving ADA accessibility issues throughout Duke facilities and grounds. For questions related to facilities access issues, please contact Chris Sparrow either via email christopher.sparrow@duke.edu or via telephone (919) 667-4879