Threads That Tie Us Together at Duke
Uniforms provide protection and function and a sense of belonging
“Once you’ve done it a few times” he said, “it’s a no-brainer.”
Roughly 1 in 4 American workers wears a uniform on the job, according to a Gallup survey. At Duke, where work ranges from hospital care, research, dining and more, uniforms are more than just dress code. For many, they inspire pride, trust and a sense of unity.
In places like Duke’s cleanroom, the right gear isn’t just helpful; it’s essential to enabling potential breakthroughs in medicine and engineering.
The cleanroom, used by students, staff and faculty from engineering and medicine, features an air-filtration system that removes 99.99% of airborne particles. Inside, high-tech machines build circuits and coatings just nanometers thick. Even a single speck of dust could destroy delicate work.
“We wear this not to protect ourselves, but to protect the room from us,” Dalton said.
From hospital scrubs to chef coats, Duke colleagues share the meaning behind their uniforms.
Cynthia Trail-Michowski
Nurse Manager, Emergency Services, Duke Regional Hospital
To some, the blue scrubs worn by the roughly 150 colleagues in the Emergency Department at Duke Regional Hospital look the same. But for Cynthia Trail-Michowski, who has spent the past three years helping lead a department that sees about 200 patients a day, individuality still shines through.
She prefers breathable, stretchy polyester blue scrubs with eight pockets that hold her phone, flush syringes, trauma shears and stethoscope. And with her neon yellow and bright green running shoes and shark-themed badge reel—a nod to her scuba diving hobby—her daily ensemble features personal touches.
Trail-Michowski values how the scrubs and accessories bond colleagues who share highs and challenges together.
“They give us a sense of unity,” she said. “There’s always that connection when you’re wearing scrubs, a shared sense of professionalism and respect.”
Taniki Williamson
Lead Production Worker, Duke Dining
Growing up, Taniki Williamson loved watching the Food Network, where hosts often wore crisp white chef coats.
Later, during culinary training at Wake Technical Community College, she felt a sense of awe watching instructors glide through the kitchen in their jackets.
Now, at the Wall Center for Student Life on East Campus, Williamson oversees the preparation of to-go items for the Trinity Café, slicing fresh strawberries and melons for fruit cups and assembling Caesar salads and tomato, pesto and fresh mozzarella sandwiches on ciabatta rolls.
Even after 11 years with Duke Dining, Williamson still gets a thrill each time she puts on the white coat with her name embroidered in blue on the chest.
Her chef jacket is built for the job, with pockets for markers and meat thermometers, sleeves that can be worn up or down and a reversible double-breasted front to conceal any spills and splatters.
“To wear my chef jacket, with my name on it, means I have earned it and I’m dedicated to this,” Williamson said. “I’ve got duties to perform to make sure the customer is satisfied and fulfilled and that they enjoy their food. There isn’t anything I’d rather do than put on my white chef coat every day.”
Staci O’Mary
Police Officer, Duke University Police Department
During a shift patrolling Duke University Hospital’s corridors for the Duke University Police Department, Staci O’Mary logs around 15,000 to 18,000 steps. Along the way, she leads staff safety workshops, checks for unlocked doors and helps visitors find family members.
No matter what, earning the trust of the next person she helps starts with looking the part. Her dark blue uniform must be sharp, her badge and nametag need to shine and the 25 pounds of gear she carries—including a radio, camera and Kevlar vest—must be perfectly in place.
“If my uniform is pressed and everything is in line, the way it’s supposed to be,” said O’Mary, now in her ninth year at Duke, “it sets the tone that I’ve got it together and you can trust me because I know what I’m doing.”
Send story ideas, shout-outs and photographs through our story idea form or write working@duke.edu.
Follow Working@Duke on X (Twitter), Facebook and Instagram and subscribe on YouTube.