Campus Life
Our campus is where learning, community and discovery thrive.
Know What You Need?
WeĂ¢re here to help guide you through all the campus possibilities Duke can offer. If you know what you are looking for, our search platform can get youĂ‚ there.
The Student Experience
Immerse yourself in a vibrant academic community where undergraduates and graduate students thrive. Explore diverse ideas, cutting-edge spaces, and opportunities for growth and leadership.
Student affairs
Life at Duke
Whether youĂ¢re exploring new interests, building lifelong friendships, or figuring out who youĂ¢re becoming, Duke offers countless ways to shape your journey. And when it comes to where you live, our residence halls are more than just places to stay Ă¢ theyĂ¢re vibrant communities designed to help youĂ‚ thrive.
quadex
Traditions
The Bricks to Stone tradition symbolizes the transition of first-year students fromĂ‚ East Campus (Ă¢BricksĂ¢) to West Campus (Ă¢StoneĂ¢), where they officially join their assignedĂ‚ residentialĂ‚ quad.
Inside DukeĂ¢s Libraries
read all about it
WhatĂ¢s Inside DukeĂ¢s Libraries
The purpose of our library system is to enable the best scholarship, research and study. You may spend a few hours or the entire day in one of our libraries. Find out what DukeĂ¢s libraries have to offer and check out the great treasures weĂ¢ve listed.
Experience Campus
Dining AtĂ‚ Duke
Duke is home to one of the most dynamic collegiate dining programs in the country.
meal accommodations
Best-in-Class Dining
Duke Dining continues to raise the bar, eliminating singleĂ¢use plastics, expanding allergenĂ¢free offerings, and setting new standards for sustainable, inclusive campus dining.
culinary experience
The ChefĂ¢sĂ‚ Kitchen
Students gather in our state-of-the-art chefĂ¢s kitchen to experience cooking classesĂ‚ and demos with great chefs, including James BeardĂ‚ Award-winners.
Find Your Next Bite
Use Duke Maps to find the late night, vegan-friendly, meal-plan eligible spots, or whatever you are looking for acrossĂ‚ campus.
Arts and Culture
Creativity thrives at Duke, showing up in performances, exhibitions, installations, and more. From student showcases to world-renowned visiting artists, the arts are an essential part of campusĂ‚ life.
must-see acts
Duke Arts
Duke Arts champions expansive, inclusive, and impactful arts programs that build meaningful connections among campus, community, and global audiences.
museum experience
The Nasher
The Nasher Museum of Art at Duke University amplifies untold stories, creates space for exchange, and invites shared experiences through innovative exhibitions and programs.
travel opportunity
Duke Arts Exchange
We create opportunities for advanced arts students to travel and study in a conservatory environment, and invite conservatory students to spend time at Duke.
Duke ArtsĂ‚ Create
What Can You Make atĂ‚ Duke?
All members of the Duke community are invited to explore ceramics, dance, fiber arts, andĂ‚ more. Art workshops for all skill levels are available throughout the academicĂ‚ year.
Sport and Recreation
recreation
Where Everyone Gets in the Game
Do you enjoy swimming, yoga, ultimate frisbee or skating? Duke offers plenty of athletic recreational activities to take up when youĂ¢re notĂ‚ studying.
Service and Community
Students, faculty and staff, researchers, nurses and doctors all commit time and resources to the Durham community and the greater region and world.
Duke Community Affairs (DCA) is the face of our commitment.
community engagement
Purposeful Partnerships
DCA builds purposeful partnerships to strengthen community health and wellĂ¢being. The Duke Center for CommunityĂ¢Engaged Scholarship serves as an interdisciplinary hub connecting Duke and community partners to coĂ¢create research and tackle pressing societal challenges.
make an impact
Duke Engage
Find impactful summer service learning opportunities around Durham and the world.
meet fellow students
Student Organizations
Lead, participate, and connect through clubs and student government.
Duke Campus Farm
Sustainable Growth
TheĂ‚ Duke Campus FarmĂ‚ is a one-acre working farm owned and operated by Duke University that providesĂ‚ sustainably-grown produceĂ‚ andĂ‚ food systems educationĂ‚ for Duke and its surrounding communities.Ă‚
Come Visit Us
Experience music, nature, the arts, sports, history, food, and more in Durham, North Carolina.
Campus Resources
Being Well
Your well-being matters. LetĂ¢s work together to keep your mind, body and spirit safe andĂ‚ sound.
Take Care of YOU
DukeĂ¢s Wellness Center
Duke makes student well-being a priority with easy access to health care, mental health support, wellness coaching, and resources like DukeReach and DuWell. The Wellness Center on West Campus is a supportive space where students can take care of themselves and thrive.