Students wishing to register for a Duke University course through the Interinstitutional Registration Program should contact the registrar's office of their home institution for instructions regarding initial registration procedures.
Visiting interinstitutional students cannot participate in the online registration process at Duke.
Students should submit an Interinstitutional Approval Form to their home institution giving ample time for review/action prior to the beginning of classes at Duke. Priority for registration for all Duke University courses is given to Duke students. Interinstitutional students are assigned to available class seats beginning on the first day of drop/add. Interinstitutional students are not included on wait lists.
Visiting students should review the Duke University Academic Calendar before requesting enrollment. Students graduating concurrently with interinstitutional enrollment should pay particular attention to the Duke University Exam Schedule.
General Policies for Students Visiting Duke
Visiting students should observe and follow the registration deadlines, including drop/add, of their home institution.
Pay close attention when looking up a course, to the "Enrollment Information" in the "Class Detail" to determine if instructor consent is required to enroll. To register for a course that requires instructor consent, students must obtain a permission number from the instructor. The permission number must be listed on the Interinstitutional Approval Form when it is submitted to the Office of the University Registrar. Verbal permission is not acceptable. During the last week of the Drop/Add period, a permission number is required to register for all Law, Nursing and undergraduate courses.
Confirmation of class enrollment will be sent to the email address on the Interinstitutional Approval Form. The notification will include all pertinent information relating to registration and auxiliary services.
Within 48 hours after you receive your confirmation of enrollment, students will receive an email from the Office of Information Technology (OIT) that will include a link for a student to receive a NetID and password which will enable the student to access DukeHub and Canvas. If enrollment is completed after classes have started, students will not have access to DukeHub and Canvas. Course materials (syllabi, homework assignments, etc.) are available only in DukeHub and Canvas.
Charges for courses taken at Duke will be billed to the student's account at the home institution according to the rates at the home institution. There may be special fees associated with a particular course and should be paid at Duke University. All extemporaneous fees accrued while at Duke University are the responsibility of the student and should be paid to the Duke Bursar's office. The student should regularly monitor their Duke assigned email account for any possible fee statements issued to them. Failure to do so could result in late payment fees or collections. Any questions should be referred to the Duke Bursar's office directly at (919) 684-3531. Click here for more about the Duke Bursar office billing schedule.
Grades will be reported at the end of the term to the Registrar's Office of the visiting student's home institution. Grades will be in accordance with the Duke University grading system and will be converted into the home institution's grading system by the home institution before being added to the student's record.
Visiting students must present a current student ID with an active expiration date from their home institution when checking out material from the Perkins Library. More information concerning library usage is available from the Duke University Perkins Library Circulation Desk at (919) 660-5870.
Visit Duke Transportation to find available parking at Duke, and information on transportation between Duke and other universities.
Programs Requiring Special Permission
Contact Person:
Tracy Soderberg
Duke University School of Law
Box 90359
Durham, NC 27708
Email: registrar_office@law.duke.edu
Phone: (919) 613-7027
Fax: (919) 613-7285
All visiting students must obtain approval from Tracy Soderberg to enroll in a Duke University School of Law course. The approval process listed below must be completed to finalize enrollment. When the enrollment has been finalized, the Duke Office of the University Registrar will send an email confirmation to the student and the student's home school Interinstitutional Coordinator.
Approval Process for UNC-CH Students Visiting Duke Law School
The Interinstitutional Approval Form should be presented to Sharon Sessoms at the UNC-CH Law School. Upon approval of the Duke enrollment, Sharon Sessoms will fax the form directly to Special Enrollments at the UNC-CH Registrar's Office. Special Enrollments will fax the completed form to the Office of the University Registrar at Duke. Sharon will then request enrollment approval from Tracy Soderberg in the Duke Law School.
Interinstitutional Approval Form requests may be kept on file until Duke Law School's drop/add period has ended. If there is space remaining in the class, and all approvals are in place, the student will be approved to enroll in the class.
The Duke Law Registrar (Tracy Soderberg) will fax approved/non-approved requests to Duke University's Office of the University Registrar for final processing. The Office of the University Registrar will email the student and Special Enrollments at UNC-CH to confirm the enrollment decision.
Approval Process for NCCU Students Visiting Duke Law School
The Interinstitutional Approval Form should be presented to Iris Hicks, the Interinstitutional Coordinator in the NCCU Registrar's Office. Iris Hicks will fax the completed form to Duke University's Office of the University Registrar. The Office of the University Registrar will then request enrollment approval from Tracy Soderberg in the Duke Law School.
Interinstitutional Approval requests may be kept on file until Duke Law School's drop/add period has ended. If there is space remaining in the class, and all approvals are in place, the student will be approved to enroll in the class.
The Duke Law Registrar (Tracy Soderberg) will fax approved/non-approved requests to the Office of the University Registrar for final processing. The Office of the University Registrar will email the student and Iris Hicks in the NCCU Registrar's Office to confirm the enrollment decision.
MBA Courses Contact Person:
Sharon Campen or Claire Styles
335E Fuqua School of Business
Email: registrar-info@fuqua.duke.edu
Phone: (919) 660-7688
Fax: (919) 660-7982
All visiting students must obtain written approval (email is acceptable) from the course instructor before requesting enrollment in courses at the Fuqua School of Business. All visiting students must also obtain approval from the Fuqua Registrar (Sharon Campen or Claire Styles) before enrolling in courses. Students should follow the approval process below in order to request/complete enrollment. Once request is approved/non-approved, an email confirmation will be sent to the student.
Students should submit the Interinstitutional Approval form to their home institution. The home institution will fax the completed form to Duke University's Office of the University Registrar. The Office of the University Registrar will then request enrollment approval from the Fuqua Registrar.
Interinstitutional Approval requests will be kept on file until Fuqua's drop/add period has ended (typically, the third day from start of classes). If there is space remaining in the class, and all approvals are in place, the student will be approved to enroll in the class.
The Fuqua Registrar will fax approved/non-approved requests to the Office of the University Registrar for final processing. The Office of the University Registrar will email the student and the student's home school Interinstitutional Coordinator to confirm the enrollment decision.
Fuqua PhD Courses (500 levels)
No permission is required to register for Fuqua PhD courses unless otherwise noted in the Enrollment Information section of the course information in the Schedule of Classes.