Found 2959 matches
[In-person] This workshop will help you get started telling stories with maps on the ArcGIS StoryMaps platform. This easy-to-use web application combines interactive maps with narrative text, images, and videos to provide a powerful communication tool for any project with a spatial component. We will explore the capabilities of the platform, share best practices for designing effective stories,…
Meet at the FAH for a stroll to the Durham Farmer’s Market.
Join us after the Tech Connect Fair for an engaging Capital One session featuring recruiters, a tech analyst, and a business analyst. Learn career insights, connect with professionals, and enter raffle giveaways!
Orientation for House Councils, East Campus Council, & Devils After Dark
This RCR session will introduce you to a variety of library resources and services to support your research practices in the social sciences. We’ll cover discipline-specific research resources, copyright and fair use, citation practices and avoiding plagiarism, research data management, and issues in scholarly publishing from an author’s perspective. You’ll meet library experts relevant to your…
Every step helps save lives. That’s why our team has signed up to fundraise for the St. Jude Walk as we join the nationwide movement to honor Childhood Cancer Awareness Month and support those who need us most — the kids of St. Jude.
Mentors will provide local high school students 1-on-1 assistance through the college application process at their high schools
The C.O.R.E. Leadership Conference—Cultivating Officers toward Readiness and Excellence—is an inaugural national forum hosted by the Duke University Naval ROTC Battalion. Centered on the theme “Junior Officers in INDOPACOM: Remembering the Past, Understanding the Present, Navigating the Future,” the event celebrates the Navy and Marine Corps’ 250th birthday by examining the evolving role of jun…
Teaching those interested excel basics that are helpful for energy courses.
Interview sessions for Duke University EMS
Trivia event for Catalyst where rushees join teams with Catalyst members and learn more about the organization, its members, and its goals, through a fun trivia event. Food will be provided.
Spreading positivity through campus handing out treats to the community