Found 2959 matches
Celebrate the Mass with the Duke Catholic Center during the week! Daily Mass takes place (usually) in Memorial Chapel, inside Duke Chapel. Check our website for the most up to date Mass schedule: catholic.duke.edu.
Join the Women’s Center for a night of friends and fun! Learn about all the cool opportunities for women, femme students, and allies across campus. This event is geared toward folks interested in joining, starting, or mixing with the leaders of femme-led student groups at Duke, but all students are welcome! Learn how to be an awesome leader, sign up for a new club, and meet your new friend grou…
Join the Duke Catholic Center for Mass each Sunday at 9am or 11am in Goodson Chapel or 8pm in Duke Chapel. Find our full event schedule at catholic.duke.edu.
Content Warning: Age Rating: 12+ Dambudzo is a live anti-genre work by nora chipaumire, combining sound, painting, sculpture and performance. chipaumire explores the revolutionary potential of performance and confronts colonial legacies in an installation featuring a Zimbabwean shabini – an informal bar set up in private homes where citizens gather to evoke the possibilities of resistance a…
Created and performed by Eiko Otake (of Eiko & Koma) and Wen Hui (of Living Dance Studio), What Is War is a powerful collaboration that fuses movement, video, and personal testimony excavated from the artists’ recollections of war and its aftermath. Otake grew up in post-war Japan and Wen grew up in China during the Cultural Revolution. Friends since 1995 and working closely since 2020, Otake a…
Weekly rehearsal.
The First Friday Tour is in full affect. In a bold new way, join both the MLWC and CMA for the First Friday word tour series. This month we will be at the Mary Lou Williams Center for a Selfcare themed First Friday. Stay connected to see the schedule for the year.
On September 4, the Program in American Grand Strategy will host a conversation with former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Charles Q. Brown, Jr. (Ret.). Peter Feaver will moderate. Registration is encouraged, though not required. Visit ags.duke.edu to register. General Charles Q. Brown, Jr. served as the 21st Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff—the nation’s highest-rankin…
Join us for Jumu’ah prayer at Duke University, where nearly 100 community members gather for spiritual inspiration. Experience a sense of peace and community during the service, followed by food and fellowship. Come together with fellow Muslims and friends for a meaningful Friday prayer experience.
We encourage you to join us for our monthly bagel brunch at the Freeman Center for Jewish Life! Come socialize with familiar faces while we nosh on a delicious kosher brunch. All are invited to join.
Celebrate the Mass with the Duke Catholic Center during the week! Daily Mass takes place (usually) in Memorial Chapel, inside Duke Chapel. Check our website for the most up to date Mass schedule: catholic.duke.edu.
Get ready for the biggest a cappella event of the semester! This high-energy fall showcase features all seven of Duke’s a cappella groups, each performing 2–3 of their best songs. It’s the perfect introduction for first-year students to experience the talent, variety, and spirit of Duke’s vibrant a cappella community.