Found 2959 matches
Hillel Global Giving Week 2026 Support the Jewish Future at Duke This Hillel Global Giving Week, from May 4-8, 2026, support Jewish Life at Duke! Help us reach our ambitious goal of raising $36,000 to grow the Jewish Future Endowment Fund! Donate Now About the Campaign Double Your Impact. Strengthen Jewish Life at Duke. From May 4-8, 2026, your gift to Jewish Life at Duke empowers students to celebrate their Jewish identity with pride, grow into compassionate leaders, and build lifelong friendships. We’re proud to join Hillels around the world for the 7th annual Hillel Global Giving Week—and there’s never been…
Shopping Strategies Shop Smart, Shop Fast Balanced Meals in a Snap Ready, Set, Cook Breakfast Coconutty Carrot Cake Oat Bran Creamy Maple Breakfast Teff Easy Breakfast Burrito Golden Apple Oatmeal Overnight Oats Pumpkin Pancakes Scrambled Tofu South Asian Styled Coconut Oats Sweet Grain Breakfast 1-Minute Quiche in a Mug Easy Meals & Snacks Apricot-Nut Turkey Salad Sandwich Bean, Corn, & Turkey Salad Banana Nut Smoothie No-Bake Granola Bars Pumpkin Spice Protein Balls Sesame and Kimchi Crackers Fish Tomato Bruschetta with Tuna & Cannellini Salad Citrus Ginger Glazed Salmon Lemon Basil Pasta & Shrimp Penne with Tuna & Fresh Tomato Sauce…
Cooking Classes
Lunch Pop-Up:The Chef’s Kitchen offers a new culinary experience every few weeks and is open for lunch Monday-Friday from 11 a.m. – 3 p.m. during fall and spring semesters. Currently Offering: Don’s Classic Subs Now popping up in The Chef’s Kitchen: Don’s Classic Subs! Choose from classic menu favorites or build your own sub or bowl with fresh ingredients and bold flavors! Served with your choice of chips or fries. Cooking Classes: Get Cooking:Offered fall semester.*Only students that have not taken this class will be admitted to allow for new attendees.Get Cooking is a culinary essentials cooking that provides the hands-on…
NetNutrition NetNutrition is an online tool that can assist you in meeting your nutritional goals when dining on campus at Duke Dining locations. NetNutrition will help you to: Confirm the nutritional content of your food choices. Identify and select well-balanced meals. Identify possible allergens and food intolerances. Select preferences for specific types of diets such as vegetarian or vegan. Access NetNutrition here! Allergen Policy Duke Dining Food Allergen Policy Our goal is to provide guests with a safe, enjoyable, and inclusive dining experience to the best of our ability. Duke Dining is committed to keeping guests with food allergies and…
Templates Assessment Planning for Operational/Service-Oriented Units Assessment Reporting for Operational/Service-Oriented Units Assessment Planning for Student-Facing Units Assessment Reporting for Student-Facing Units
Awards & Recognitions Safe Dining, Safer Campus: The Lee Family’s Gift to Duke University Duke Dining Wins Prestigious National Awards Duke Dining Recognized for Best Comprehensive Allergen-Free Dining Program Duke Dining Eliminates Artificial Dyes and Additives from Menu Items Duke Dining Quick Look Please let us know about your dining experience here! Duke Dining Earns Distinguished Nutrition Award Duke Dining is the FIRST college/university dining program to be FARECheck Gold certified with Marketplace and Trinity Café being nut-free-friendly! Find out more here! Looking for fresh fruit on campus? Check out our Fresh Fruit Guide here! Find out more about our “Ask Me” Food Allergy…
CONNECTED PLATES: Balanced meals that nourish and are sustainably sourced! Connected Plates was created to highlight meals that provide a balanced mix of carbohydrates, proteins, and fats, aligned with USDA dietary guidelines, while also showcasing sustainably sourced ingredients. The Nourish icon identifies balanced meal options at Duke Dining locations and the Sustainable Food icon recognizes sustainably sourced menu items. The NOURISH icon highlights meals that provide a balanced mix of: Carbohydrates Proteins Fats (Aligned with USDA dietary guidelines.) The SUSTAINABLE FOOD icon highlights sustainably sourced food: Locally-Sourced Certified Organic Sustainably-Fished (Includes one or more of the factors above.) Cafe Farmstead…
The Journey to It’s Thyme Duke Dining Leads the Nation as the First University to Introduce a Stand-Alone, Top 9 Allergen-Free Dining Venue! Press Release It’s Thyme is a national leader in allergen-free dining and reflects Duke Dining’s commitment to safety, innovation, and creating welcoming dining experiences for all. Achieving FARECheck Gold Recognition solidifies Duke Dining’s leadership in allergen-free dining. It’s Thyme is more than just a dining venue—it’s a model for the future of safe and accessible food service. A Student-Driven Initiative: Listening, Learning, and Innovating The journey to It’s Thyme began with student focus groups and collaboration among…
Daily Devil Deals are specially selected menu items available every day for $5 or less at participating Duke Dining locations. Whether you’re looking for a quick snack, a lighter option, or a reliable value, these deals make it simple to experience a variety of menu options across campus. (Tax not included.) Please see below for current Daily Deal Offerings. East Campus Cafe 300: Grilled Cheese Sandwich and Potato Chips Marketplace: Monday @ Harvest: Entrée & One Side Tuesday @ 1892 Grille: Veggie Burger or Hamburger with one side Wednesday @ Wood Fired: Personal Pan Pizza and a Piece of Whole…
2024 REPRODUCTIVE JUSTICE CONFERENCE RJC 2024 Theme: Healing Black Bodies and Black Maternal Health The Duke Women’s Center 2024 conference theme was Healing Black Bodies & Black Maternal Health. View the program from the 2024 Reproductive Justice Conference that took place on Wednesday March 6, 2024, in Karsh Alumni and Visitor’s Center to learn more about the amazing local and state activism work being done around black maternal health. This year’s theme touched on many topics at the heart of reproductive justice conversations, from black maternal health and morbidity, to regulations imposed on black bodies, to feelings of love and worth tied…
The Duke Jewish Alumni Network (DJAN) is partnering with the Jewish Book Council to bring notable books, discussions, and author conversations to alumni and friends!
The DJAN Book Club, supported by Jewish Life at Duke and Duke Lifelong Learning, offers an opportunity for alumni, parents, and friends to read six books during the 2024-2025 academic year.