Found 2959 matches
Providing evidence-based, student-centered healthcare to the campus community. We offer a wide range of healthcare services for all Duke students, many of which are covered by the student health fee. Every time you need services, you’ll discover professional and compassionate care that directly contributes to your well-being and overall success. Student Health Spring Operating Hours Monday – Wednesday: 8:00 am – 4:30 pm* Thursday: 9:00 am – 4:30 pm* Friday: 8:00 am – 4:30 pm* Saturday & Sunday: Closed *Closed daily from 12:00 pm – 12:30 pm for lunch Make an Appointment Hours After-Hours Support Location If you would like to…
Duke Student Health Nutrition Services Fosters an environment that educates, supports and facilitates a student’s ability to develop lifelong healthy eating behaviors; collaborates with Duke Dining to offer a nutritious and appealing food environment that allows students to nourish both their bodies and minds; offers evidence based clinical care in a respectful and caring manner; provides information through campus-wide nutrition initiatives, and works collaboratively with other campus organizations in order to deliver the highest level of nutrition care possible. In-Person and video visits are covered by your Student Health Fee, not insurance, therefore there is no out-of-pocket cost to you….
Where can I live next year? First-year students live in their East Campus residence hall as non-resident members of their connected Quad. Sophomores live in their connected Quad on West Campus. Juniors live in their connected Quad or in 300 or 301 Swift, Blue Light, or Hollows. Seniors may choose to live in their Quad, 300 or 301 Swift, Blue Light, or Hollows, or off campus. Juniors and seniors will retain Quad affiliation regardless of where they choose to live and will keep that affiliation even after they graduate. The connection between each East Campus residence hall and its affiliated…
Duke EATS Duke Dining’s Evaluation and Training Standards (Duke EATS) is our innovative quality control program, which establishes clear standards for how our locations should operate with respect to customer service, employee training, and food safety. Duke EATS also provides a framework for how our locations are evaluated against these standards. Duke EATS is comprised of 4 different components: 1. Independent third-party food safety and operational assessments conducted by a contract service 2. Durham County Health Department inspections 3. Duke Dining’s Mystery Diner Program 4. Duke Dining’s Training Program Additionally, Duke Dining requires that all of its locations have HACCP (hazard…
Dalton (he/him) spearheads Bricks to Stone, advises Experiential Orientation Projects, and the Duke Common Experience. Dalton is originally from Nebraska and earned a BSBA in Finance from the University of Nebraska. He also attended The Ohio State University for graduate school, where he earned his MA in Higher Education and Student Affairs. Before joining NSFP, Dalton worked in Housing & Residence Life and is excited to continue supporting students as they transition to a new environment. Outside of work. Dalton can be found exploring the Durham food and coffee scene, playing with his dog, Dallas, and watching basketball.
Report a Concern If you are concerned about a student’s health or behavior, and your concern is not considered an emergency, please submit a DukeReach report. Submit a DukeReach Report NOTE: If you provide your email address in the form above, you will receive an email confirmation upon successful submission of the report. How DukeReach Can Help The college experience can be stressful and overwhelming for many students. However, when a difficult situation interferes significantly with a student’s well-being, it may be time to seek assistance. DukeReach provides non-clinical case management services including advocacy, intervention, referrals, and follow-up services for…
Click here if you are in need of immediate support or are looking for ways to report Welcome to GVEO We are here to help. The Office for Gender Violence Education and Outreach is a trauma-informed resource on Duke’s Campus that aims to empower students through education, awareness, and proactive measures to create a campus community free from violence. About Us Learn More Letter to Duke Community Read Our Message Our Programs What We Have To Offer Get Support Learn More About Your Options Educational Resources Resources on Safe Partying & Sexual Empowerrment FAQ’s Frequently Asked Questions
On-Campus Amenities & Services Each house and quad has its own personality and community, but common features include: main common room with a piano and television; some have DVD, Blu-ray, and game system consoles kitchen with stove and refrigerator laundry facilities vending machines shared bathrooms game tables such as pool and ping pong tables (these vary by house) Detailed information about the residence halls can be found via the buttons below. If you do not find the information you are looking for here, please reach out to your specific Campus Housing Office. FY Houses Upperclass Quads Beds and Mattresses HRL…
Committed to Wellness The Wellness LLC provides a home for students in Wannamaker Quad who want to explore wellness through a variety of programs and events aimed at developing a rich understanding of wellness from a global perspective. You’ll be joining a community devoted to developing and experiencing daily wellness practices to help manage stress, reduce anxiety, and glean the most positive Duke experience. As an LLC member, you will also have a first-chance opportunity to join DuWell as a paid, Wellness Intern to facilitate wellness programs across the Duke community. (Not a requirement, just an opportunity!) Note: The Wellness…
Focused on Your Well-Being Student Wellness Center The Duke Student Wellness Center is a central hub for student well-being, offering a comprehensive range of services that support the physical, mental, and emotional health of all Duke students. Through a coordinated network of programs such as Student Health, Counseling & Psychological Services (CAPS), DuWell, DukeReach, and Gender Violence Education & Outreach (GVEO), the Wellness Center empowers students to thrive both personally and academically. Whether you need medical care, mental health support, wellness education, or help navigating a difficult situation, the Student Wellness Center is here to help. Have questions? We have…
The Student Conduct System The purpose of the student conduct system is to promote honesty, fairness, respect, and accountability within the university community and to provide a fair and effective mechanism for resolving situations in which a student (or group) is alleged to have violated the standards or policies of the university. All reports of student behavior may be filed with or forwarded to the Office of Student Conduct and Community Standards. Staff within the Office of Student Conduct and Community Standards will determine the most appropriate means by which to handle a report. Resolution may include a conference, alternative/informal resolution, or…