Time Away empowers undergraduate students to take time off when they feel it is necessary to align their personal and academic paths, enables them to seek time away with minimal administrative burden, and provides connection and support to facilitate a successful return.
What is the Time Away Office?
The mission of Duke's Time Away Office is to guide undergraduate students throughout the leave and return process. The Time Away Office works closely with offices across Duke, including Trinity Academic Deans and Pratt Academic Deans , Duke Reach, Counseling and Psychological Services, the Student Disability and Access Office and many other offices across campus. Our goal is to work with all our campus partners to streamline your leave experience, to ensure continuity and connections, and to make sure you experience a supportive, warm and care-centered leave and return process.
Virtual support services available during your time away from Duke
You will be encouraged to maintain contact with all members of their advising team. You can access advising support services through email or by scheduling an appointment with a member of the Academic Advising Center staff.
Visit the Academic Advising Center websiteYou will still have the ability to reach out to your academic dean to ask questions and plan for your return to campus.
Contact Your Academic DeanYou are encouraged to use Academic Resource Center (ARC) services including learning consultations, Test Prep, workshops, and online resources. Learning Consultants can help you structure your time while away, examine current learning processes and develop approaches tailored to you and develop study plans.
Visit the Academic Resource CenterYou will have access to free 24/7 online counseling services with certified mental health professionals. You will need your Duke email address to sign up for services.
Visit Blue Devils CareYou will retain access to, and are encouraged to utilize, the Career Center's online tools, programs/workshops, and career advisors during your time away. These services can be especially useful to students who are taking time to evaluate their purpose, goals, and direction, and those who would like to use their time away to network with alumni and/or explore potential experiences.
Visit the Career CenterYou will continue to have access to your Duke email account for one year after going on time away.
Check Your EmailYou will continue to access to the supports available to you through DukeReach.
Visit DukeReachYou are encouraged to participate in virtual wellness activities such as the Moments of Mindfulness programs, Koru workshops (to assist in a mediation practice) or a Students in Recovery group.
All Wellness ActivitiesYou will continue to have access to the virtual services, programs and supports offered through the various identity and cultural centers on campus.
Visit Identity and Cultural CentersYou are encouraged to use HPA's online tools, newsletter/listserv, online programs/workshops, and pre-health advisors during your leave. These services can be especially useful to students who are taking leave to discern their narrative, purpose, goals, and direction, and to those who would like to use their time away to conduct research and/or explore clinical experiences.
Visit PreHealth AdvisingAbout Us
Email: timeaway@duke.edu
Phone Number: (919) 684-2075
Location: West Campus, Student Wellness Building, Suite 110.
Associate Director: Faye Hobgood, MSW
Interim Operations Lead: Lauren Babineau