Found 2959 matches
2026 REPRODUCTIVE JUSTICE CONFERENCE RJC 2025 is part of our 2026 Women’s History Month celebrations. For more information about WHM 2026 and how to celebrate it, visit https://bit.ly/DukeWHM26. Register for this year’s conference! Have a speaker suggestion or resource? Email us! Learn More RJC 2026 Theme – Boundaries, Bodies, and Bliss: Pleasure and Reproductive Justice Advocacy The Duke Women’s Center is hosting our annual Reproductive Justice Conference as part of our Women’s History Month programming on Wednesday March 4, 2026 in Duke University’s Penn Pavilion building. We use SisterSong’s definition of reproductive justice, described as “the human right to maintain…
Duke alumnus Ari Ackerman (‘93) recognized by university for service and leadership to Jewish community Duke alumnus Ari Ackerman (‘93) recognized by university for service and leadership to Jewish community Duke alumnus Ari Ackerman (‘93) recognized by university for service and leadership to Jewish community Duke alumnus Ari Ackerman (‘93) recognized by university for service and leadership to Jewish community Wearing Judaism on His Sleeve Duke alumnus Ari Ackerman ‘93 recognized by university for service and leadership to Jewish community Jewish Life at Duke is proud to celebrate Ari Ackerman (‘93) as a recipient of the 2022 Beyond Duke Service…
2025 REPRODUCTIVE JUSTICE CONFERENCE RJC 2025 Theme – Southern Restrictions: Navigating Abortion Care and Access The Duke Women’s Center 2025 conference theme was Southern Restrictions: Navigating Abortion Care and Access. View the program from the 2025 Reproductive Justice Conference that took place on Wednesday March 5, 2025, in Penn Pavilion to learn more about the amazing local and state activism work being done around preserving abortion care and access in the state. This year’s theme touches on many topics at the heart of reproductive justice conversations following the 2022 Supreme Court overturning of Dobbs v. Jackson. Panel topics include Legislator’s…
Hillel Global Giving Week 2024 Help Jewish Life at Duke reach our goal of raising $36,000 to support the Israel Program Fund! Support Israel Programs at Duke This Hillel Global Giving Week, from May 13-17, support Israel engagement, education, and experiences for Duke’s Jewish students by making a gift to Jewish Life at Duke’s Israel Program Fund! Donate Now About the Campaign Your gift to Jewish Life at Duke helps our students proudly, joyfully, and safely connect to their Jewish roots, grow as leaders, and create friendships that last a lifetime. Wow! You helped us exceed our goal by raising…
Duke Powwow The Native American & Indigenous Student Alliance (NAISA), in collaboration with the Center for Multicultural Affairs, hosts the annual Duke Powwow. Dancers, drummers and audiences come from across North Carolina to participate in this visual and artistic representation of the strength and vitality of the Native American culture. Powwow strives to bring together all facets of our community in honoring and celebrating Native American culture from various tribes and traditions. All are welcome to join us for this celebration. Participant & Community Info: Please see the tiles and/or dropdown options below for for helpful information and resources. Contact…
Associate Vice President for Student Affairs and Dean of Students The Leadership Opportunity Background and Context Duke University seeks a new Associate Vice President for Student Affairs and Dean of Students (DOS) to prioritize the undergraduate and graduate student experience while leading a variety of strategic and operational initiatives. Reporting to the Vice Provost/Vice President for Student Affairs, the Dean of Students is an organizational manager, responsible for leadership of key units and also fostering an inclusive environment that emphasizes community, advocacy, and well-being. The DOS promotes and exemplifies Duke’s shared values – respect, trust, inclusion, discovery, and excellence —…
2024 REPRODUCTIVE JUSTICE CONFERENCE RJC 2024 Theme: Healing Black Bodies and Black Maternal Health The Duke Women’s Center 2024 conference theme was Healing Black Bodies & Black Maternal Health. View the program from the 2024 Reproductive Justice Conference that took place on Wednesday March 6, 2024, in Karsh Alumni and Visitor’s Center to learn more about the amazing local and state activism work being done around black maternal health. This year’s theme touched on many topics at the heart of reproductive justice conversations, from black maternal health and morbidity, to regulations imposed on black bodies, to feelings of love and worth tied…
All New-to-Duke students begin their Duke journey on West Campus or Swift Campus, where they have many opportunities to intentionally make new connections and friendships, become leaders within their residential communities, and receive support from dedicated university staff as they transition into life at Duke. Throughout your career at Duke, students can engage in community leadership opportunities, connect with peers through Resident Assistant-led activities, and participate in building-wide and campus-wide events and programs designed to foster belonging and engagement. At Duke, we believe in blurring the lines between curricular and co-curricular experiences. Academic advisors and faculty are closely connected to…
We’re here to help! DISC supports students throughout the year with programming, orientation, community building, and advocacy. Duke students (undergraduate and graduate/professional) are invited to subscribe to weekly updates from the DISC team during the fall and spring semesters. These weekly email newsletters share opportunities to connect, learn, and engage with the community. If you or your student organization would like support, collaborate, or submit content to be featured in the newsletter, please contact discnews@duke.edu. If you’d like to meet with a DISC team member over Zoom, you can make an appointment during our office hours using one of the…
Welcome to Duke, Class of 2030! Experiential Orientation is an incredible weeklong immersion that allows new-to-Duke students to dive into an engaging experience that builds community and fosters a sense of belonging around a shared interest. Combining experiential and immersive education with thoughtful team-building, engaging excursions, leadership development, and campus and community tours, this orientation model promises to be an incredible introduction to the Duke community. Orientation Week begins on Sunday, August 16, 2026, and concludes on Friday, August 21, 2026. Students will complete a questionnaire and be matched to a project based on their interests. The Experiential Orientation Matching Questionnaire…
We are Student Affairs at Duke. Our brand is most effective when executed cohesively across the division of Student Affairs. As the brand evolves, so will the content of this page. This page also serves as an extension of the Duke Brand Guide, and will reference portions of that guide throughout. Whether “communications” is part of your job title or not, Student Affairs professionals communicate in a multitude of ways every day. From departmental newsletters to event promotions to website content, the ways we communicate and the words we use can help us tell the story of our work more…
Time Away empowers undergraduate students to take time off when they feel it is necessary to align their personal and academic paths, enables them to seek time away with minimal administrative burden, and provides connection and support to facilitate a successful return. What is the Time Away Office? The mission of Duke’s Time Away Office is to guide undergraduate students throughout the leave and return process. The Time Away Office works closely with offices across Duke, including Trinity Academic Deans and Pratt Academic Deans , Duke Reach, Counseling and Psychological Services, the Student Disability and Access Office and many other offices across campus. Our goal is to work…