Found 2959 matches
For Alumni: What are the Duke Benefits available to you? Access your profile on the Duke Alumni Network to search profiles of more than 190,000 alumni, view your giving history and make gifts. Join affinity, identity, interest, industry groups to get invited to events and programs. Update your address to receive information about regional programming around the world Download the Duke Alumni app for on the go access Tap into that famous Duke network when you Ask A Blue Devil Never stop learning and explore Duke’s Forever Learning lifelong learning resources, including online courses, webinars, reading lists, and educational excursions….
Support and Education for Duke Staff and Faculty Jewish Life at Duke offers a variety of resources for Duke Faculty and Staff, including trainings on understanding Jewish identity and antisemitism, building rental information, and ways for Faculty and Staff to build community. The JLD Team is Here for You! Trainings & Educational Offerings Jewish Holidays Kosher Event Catering Rent the Freeman Center Jewish Life at Duke offers voluntary trainings and educational opportunities throughout the year, for Duke faculty and staff. To learn more, please contact the JLD staff at jewishlife@duke.edu. Workshops take place several times per semester in the Freeman…
Amy Johndro (she/her) serves as the Gender Violence Intervention Coordinator at Duke. She is a licensed clinical social worker in North Carolina with over 22 years of experience as a case manager, therapist, and department manager. She became a social worker to help those who have experienced gender violence, and she is passionate about ensuring individuals have the support they need through evidence-based, culturally sensitive interventions. She holds a M.S.W. from Michigan State University and a B.S. in social work from Eastern Michigan University. Amy and her partner moved to North Carolina in 2007. She finds peace in nature and…
Building Healthy Relationships Having healthy relationships platonically, romantically, and sexually can be a fun part of your experience at Duke, but it often takes time and practice to navigate new social connections like relationships. The decision to be sexually active is personal and different for each individual and is an important component of practicing holistic wellness. Knowing the correct information and being able to access reliable resources can help you make informed, safe, healthy decisions, and DuWell is here to help you. Request a Sexual Health Workshop We are available to facilitate discussions and present interactive workshops on a variety…
Jewish Holidays 2025 – 2026 We encourage our Duke colleagues and student groups of all identities and faith traditions to reference this resource when scheduling programs and events in order to avoid planning events on major Jewish holidays. Celebrations, programs and observances are open our Duke colleagues and student groups of all identities and faith traditions. Taking into account these dates helps create an inclusive climate for the Duke Jewish community. Questions? Contact us at jewishlife@duke.edu. Holidays marked with ** (Rosh Hashanah, Yom Kippur, Sukkot, Simchat Torah, Shemini Atzeret, Pesach and Shavuot) are days when traditionally work is forbidden and…
Aviv Sheetrit (she/her/hers) serves as Associate Director for External Relations, working behind the scenes to engage donors, alumni, and friends of Jewish Life at Duke. Aviv oversees JLD’s fundraising efforts, communications strategy, and alumni engagement programs, partnering with alumni and parents who are passionate about supporting and advocating for Duke’s Jewish community. She loves seeing the impact made possible by supporters when students reflect about finding their community at JLD, the transformative experiences they had, or the lifelong friends and mentors they made. She also loves taste-testing the rotating Weekly Special at the Freeman Center Café! Aviv was born in Jerusalem,…
Visit Jewish Life at Duke Considering Duke? Visit us and learn more. Freeman Center Tour and Student Conversation Academic Year (Late August to April) The Freeman Center for Jewish Life, where Jewish Life at Duke is housed, is open for tours during the academic year (late August to April) on: Monday through Friday: 9am to 5pm (closed on Jewish holiday Yom Tov dates) Some Sundays during Fall and Spring semesters: 11am to 1pm during monthly bagel brunches* Our student interns are available during business hours to give you a tour of our building and discuss Jewish Life at Duke. Please…
Understanding & Using Your Insurance We understand that health insurance can be very confusing, especially if this is the first time you are on your own plan. There are a number of short videos that may be helpful in understanding the basics of health insurance, including key terminology, how to use your plan, and understanding the difference between healthcare in the United States and other countries. These videos are all available below. Gallagher Student Health Waiver Explainer Video In this video, we’ll explore common reasons why your health insurance waiver is denied or pended for additional information and how you…
Free, Confidential STI Testing DuWell collaborates with the Durham County Department of Public Health to offer free monthly confidential STI Walk-in Testing to all Duke students. No appointment necessary. If you are sexually active the recommendation is to be tested every three months. On-Campus Options The full schedule of free monthly confidential STI Walk-in Testing Clinics is available on DukeGroups. If you would like to get tested outside of the monthly testing dates you may schedule an appointment with Duke Student Health, but be advised there is a fee that will be charged to your insurance. Off-Campus Option You may contact…
Welcome to the Center for Muslim Life! A Home for Muslim Life at Duke Ramadan 2026 at the CML Ramadan Mubarak! We are working hard to provide you with all you need for a successful Ramadan. Iftar, Prayer and Ramadan Programming Calendar At the Center for Muslim Life (CML), students, staff, and faculty come together to create a vibrant and inclusive environment. We are committed to enriching the lives of Muslim students and the whole campus through events and activities that cater to the spiritual, social, and intellectual needs of Duke students. Whether you were born or raised Muslim, interested…