Found 2959 matches
Residence Life Leader Positions Position Descriptions Resident Assistant (RA) Resident Assistants (RAs) are undergraduate and graduate students who plan programs, serve on-call in their areas, and support residents in our East Campus and West Campus residential communities. Functional Program Assistants (FPA) Functional Program Assistants (FPAs) are graduate student leaders who focus on a particular functional area within the Residence Life department rather than working within a particular residential community like other Program Assistants. The FPA positions include Student Leadership, Recruitment and Selection, Learning and Development, and First Year Programming. FPAs serve within the graduate assistant on-call rotation. Assistant Residence Coordinators…
300 Swift Apartments 300 Swift is an apartment complex located close to main campus and is considered “on campus” housing. Swift offers 2-bedroom, 2-person, fully furnished apartments for any graduate students (including PhD students) This building is comprised of graduate and professional student apartments and undergraduate student apartments. Graduate and professional students and undergraduate students will not be assigned to live together in 300 Swift. IMPORTANT: We cannot accommodate postdocs, short-term, or visiting scholars. Featuring furnished 2-bedroom apartments All 300 Swift graduate apartments are two-person occupancy. Each resident has their own private bedroom and bathroom, and shares the living room and…
CONNECTED PLATES: Balanced meals that nourish and are sustainably sourced! Connected Plates was created to highlight meals that provide a balanced mix of carbohydrates, proteins, and fats, aligned with USDA dietary guidelines, while also showcasing sustainably sourced ingredients. The Nourish icon identifies balanced meal options at Duke Dining locations and the Sustainable Food icon recognizes sustainably sourced menu items. The NOURISH icon highlights meals that provide a balanced mix of: Carbohydrates Proteins Fats (Aligned with USDA dietary guidelines.) The SUSTAINABLE FOOD icon highlights sustainably sourced food: Locally-Sourced Certified Organic Sustainably-Fished (Includes one or more of the factors above.) Cafe Farmstead…
Cooking Classes
Hanukkah 2025 with Jewish Life at Duke Virtual Hanukkah Candle Lighting with Jewish Life at Duke and the Duke Jewish Alumni Network with Special Guests Duke President Vincent Price & Men’s Basketball Coach Jon Scheyer Wednesday, December 17, 2025 7:30 pm Eastern Time / 4:30 pm Pacific Time Join Jewish Life at Duke and the Duke Jewish Alumni Network for our annual Hanukkah candle lighting during the Festival of Lights. Duke’s Campus Rabbi and Jewish Chaplain Elana Friedman will be joined by special guests Duke President Vincent E. Price and Duke Men’s Basketball Head Coach (and Duke Jewish alum) Jon Scheyer. Bring your own chanukiyah/menorah and light…
Jewish Life at Duke Professional Staff Meet the professionals that are here to help our students find meaning, connection, and joy! Joyce Gordon Director Email: joyce.gordon@duke.edu Phone: 919-681-2911 Joyce Gordon (she/her/hers) joined us as Director for Jewish Life in July of 2018. As director, Joyce oversees all aspects of the Freeman Center and JLD’s work across campus. She sets the strategy for Jewish Life at Duke, cultivates alumni and parent partnerships through the advisory board, and manages our organizational operations. Joyce also serves on university searches and committees. In every aspect of her role, Joyce’s primary focus is Duke’s bright,…
Spring 2026 Application The application will go live Wednesday, October 1, 2025 Apply Here General Housing Information Rates/License and Terms 2025-2026 Undergraduate Housing Rates The rates shown below are per student. Single RoomSemester: $7,206Academic Year: $14,412 Double RoomSemester: $5,455Academic Year: $10,910 Apartment Private Bedroom:Semester: $8,958Academic Year: $17,916 Apartment Shared Bedroom:Semester: $7,206Academic Year: $14,412 Please note that there are single (private bedroom) and double bedroom (shared bedroom) occupancy options in Blue Light and Hollows. Returning to Duke Students returning to Duke after a leave of absence of any kind remain subject to the Board of Trustees policy requiring all Duke undergraduate…
Hillel Global Giving Week 2023 Help Jewish Life at Duke reach our goal of raising $15,000 to support the Israel Program Fund! Support Israel Programs at Duke This Hillel Global Giving Week, from May 1-5, support Israel engagement, education, and experiences for Duke’s Jewish students by making a gift to Jewish Life at Duke’s Israel Program Fund! Donate Now About the Campaign Your gift to Jewish Life at Duke inspires meaningful experiences and lifelong connections for every Jewish Duke student. From May 1-5, Jewish Life at Duke joins more than 150 Hillels around the world in participating in the fourth…
Summer Housing Application The housing application for Summer 2026 is now open! click to apply Duke offers two distinct summer options for undergraduate students: Duke Summer Session and Duke Summer Experiences. Each program offers unique opportunities for undergraduate students. On-campus housing is available for both options. PLEASE NOTE: Students are NOT required to live on campus if enrolled in summer courses or summer experiences. Summer Session Information Summer Housing Rates Summer housing is for students who need housing during the summer session (May 12 – August 11). Applications will be approved for the following reasons: Enrolled in Summer Session 1…
Israel Engagement Providing students with engagement and learning opportunities Israel programs and initiatives connect Duke students with Israel both on campus and abroad. All students are welcome to participate. Our approach to Israel is framed through the following three Es: Education: Programs that focus on teaching students about the diverse aspects of Israel — not just the geopolitical conflict, but also its people, culture, society, and language. Experience: Travel to Israel for firsthand experience of the country. Engagement: One-on-one coffee conversations and meetings with the Israel Fellow to explore personal connection to and views on Israel in order to help students…
Be sure to review the information below regarding housing for the 2026 – 2027 academic year. Keep checking back for more information! Please note: All housing process timelines are tentative and may be changed at the discretion of the Housing Assignments Office. 2026 – 2027 Housing Application The housing application will reopen in early June for any students who did not apply in February. Housing Portal Application Process Information Blocks *New Guidelines for 26-27 Process* Blocking provides students the option to select a preferred roommate – as well as a larger group of friends whom they’d like to live near….
NetNutrition NetNutrition is an online tool that can assist you in meeting your nutritional goals when dining on campus at Duke Dining locations. NetNutrition will help you to: Confirm the nutritional content of your food choices. Identify and select well-balanced meals. Identify possible allergens and food intolerances. Select preferences for specific types of diets such as vegetarian or vegan. Access NetNutrition here! Allergen Policy Duke Dining Food Allergen Policy Our goal is to provide guests with a safe, enjoyable, and inclusive dining experience to the best of our ability. Duke Dining is committed to keeping guests with food allergies and…