Found 2959 matches
Get to know HSA and join us for Ganesh murti making, aarti, and prasad! Additionally, learn about what opportunities we will have for freshmen this year!
Join the Duke Catholic Center for Mass each Sunday at 9am or 11am in Goodson Chapel or 8pm in Duke Chapel. Find our full event schedule at catholic.duke.edu.
Required training for Recognized Student Organizations to learn how to access funds, host events safely and effectively, and best practices for managing student organizations.
Weekly rehearsal.
Raised on Muscle Shoals soul and James Brown funk, Nashville-based artist Kenny Sharp delivers a Southern-fried blend of soul, funk, country, blues, and rock. He calls it “Brown Liquor Music”—a sound that’s smooth, punchy, and deeply rooted. A former rapper turned vocalist, Sharp writes with a storyteller’s heart and a musician’s ear. He’s worked with sync teams and studios from L.A. to Mia…
Social Hosts are members of the Duke community that are required to be present at all on-campus events where alcohol is present. Social Hosts are sober, active bystanders that assist in promoting safe, social behaviors to ensure that the event ends well for all those attending. What will this workshop cover? Your role as a Social Host. How you can promote safe, social behaviors. How your …
Celebrate the Mass with the Duke Catholic Center during the week! Daily Mass takes place (usually) in Memorial Chapel, inside Duke Chapel. Check our website for the most up to date Mass schedule: catholic.duke.edu.
Celebrate the Mass with the Duke Catholic Center during the week! Daily Mass takes place (usually) in Memorial Chapel, inside Duke Chapel. Check our website for the most up to date Mass schedule: catholic.duke.edu.
Join CMA for Seasoned: The Global Ingredients Behind Southern Flavor, a dynamic conversation exploring the cultural roots, global influences, and rich histories that shape Southern cuisine. Part of our Faculty Series, Q1.
Join us at 6:00 pm for a pluralistic Kabbalat Shabbat service, followed by a free, family-style kosher dinner at 7:00pm. RSVP by Friday at noon by texting “SHABBAT” to 984-333-5603. Food is provided and all are welcome to join! (The Freeman Center Cafe will be providing a full kosher meal for all students.)
Join the Duke Catholic Center for Mass each Sunday at 9am or 11am in Goodson Chapel or 8pm in Duke Chapel. Find our full event schedule at catholic.duke.edu.
Join us for a panel discussion with upper-class students from all disciplines who are engaged in research. They’ll be sharing their experiences, lessons learned, and the various ways and opportunities to get involved in undergraduate research while at Duke. For additional ACADEMIC RESOURCES WEEK events, see https://duke.campusgroups.com/events?topic_tags=14299173 Ahoy, Class of 2029 –…