Found 2959 matches
For the last 44 years, Imam Abdul Hafeez Waheed has been an active member of the Muslim American Community in Association with the renowned leader and thinker Imam W. Deen Mohammed. Imam Waheed developed an Office for College and University Engagements in Durham and organized visits to colleges and universities locally and throughout the United States for Imam W. Deen Mohammed. In 1987, Imam Waheed performed the Hajj (pilgrimage to the Sacred House in Mecca). In 1998, Imam Waheed became the first Muslim Chaplain at Duke University and has been serving on the Religious Life staff for over 20 years. In addition, he serves…
Joshua Salaam has strong roots in the American Muslim community. He started attending national Muslim youth camps at the age of 12 and continued as a participant, counselor and speaker for over 30 years. Joshua entered the U.S. Air Force in 1995 and served as a Police officer for four years. He was a key contributor in establishing Friday prayer services on base for Muslim military members and went on to serve as an Imam in Goldsboro, NC for several years. After the military, Joshua immersed himself in community activism. He managed the Civil Rights department for the Council on…
How Student Conduct issues are resolved Administrative Conference An Administrative Conference is a meeting with a university administrator to discuss the behavior that is of concern. Students will be informed about particular provisions in the The Duke Community Standard in Practice: A Guide for Students that may be violated should the behavior of concern repeat. The university administrator may suggest helpful resources for students and address any further concerns. Adaptable Resolution OSCCS in conjunction with involved students may choose to utilize an adaptable and/or restorative process to resolve and respond to issues of student behavior that may or may not…
Mikala is a Durham native and grew up as a Duke Blue Devil fan. As a 2021 graduate of UNC Greensboro with a BA in Communication Studies, Mikala supports the marketing and communication efforts for all programming at The Lou. Mikala is passionate about creating meaningful relationships and safe spaces for all individuals. She takes pride in utilizing effective communication to better understand individuals as well as exhibit exceptional customer service, hospitality, and inclusivity. As an undergraduate, Mikala was a student leader serving as a Resident Advisor, Campus Tour Guide, Orientation Leader, Residential Senator for Student Government Association, and Community…
Resolution through a hearing. If a case is referred for disciplinary action, the student/student group will be notified of the incident in question and the policy violation(s) under consideration, and will be given an opportunity to respond. There are several means by which to resolve disciplinary situations. The Office of Student Conduct and Community Standards will determine which avenue is most appropriate to pursue. There are two types of hearings: Administrative Hearings and Conduct Board Hearings (see below for additional information on both types of hearings). Most cases are decided upon through an administrative hearing, which is a discussion between the…
Samaiyah Faison spent most of her childhood in the Bay Area of Northern California in a city called Cupertino. She has been residing in Raleigh, NC where she obtained her Bachelors in Social work with a minor in Women’s Studies. Samaiyah Faison has been an important part of the Duke Student Affairs community for five years. She is very passionate and excited about working with students. She enjoys working with students and providing mentorship, a listening ear or a shoulder to cry on. It was this passion for working with students that made her work on Black Muslim Talk Space…
We’re committed to supporting all students and providing the resources they need to feel safe and welcome. In case of an emergency in which your or another’s immediate safety is at risk, please call Duke Police at 919-684-2444. If calling off campus, dial 9-1-1. For urgent health and safety concerns, access Duke’s Confidential Mental Health Crisis Line by calling 919-660-1000, option 2. Health & Wellness Learn more about physical and mental health resources Wellness Resources Time Away Learn more about taking time away from Duke time away resources Concern About A Student Learn more about how to submit a care report Care Report…
A native of Charlotte, Stacia earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Management & Marketing from the University of North Carolina at Greensboro. Following a short career in the banking industry, Stacia became a K-12 educator before attending North Carolina State University where she earned her M.Ed. in Counseling with a concentration in College Student Development. She holds an EdD in Educational Leadership from East Carolina University. Stacia Solomon joined Duke University in Fall 2019 as a member of the Duke Career Center and, since Spring 2023, has served full time as Director of the Mary Lou Williams Center for…
Authorization to release Authorization to Release Information Form In order for the Office of Student Conduct & Community Standards (OSCCS) at Duke University to have permission to release information concerning any student’s disciplinary record to either themselves (via appointment only), an institution, or any other third party, please fill out the authorization to release form.The Office of Student Conduct & Community Standards at Duke University will only provide requested Dean’s Certifications (also known as disciplinary history forms) directly to all institutions and any other third party. Duke Undergraduate Reporting Policy Duke Undergraduate Reporting Policy The Office of Student Conduct and…
Outcomes within the Student Conduct System. Any disciplinary hearing may result in sanctions (singly or in combination), including, but not limited to, those from the following list. In determining appropriate sanctions, consideration may be given to the nature of and circumstances surrounding the violation, the student’s/student group’s acceptance of responsibility, prior disciplinary violations, the impact of a sanction on the student/student group, precedent cases, university interests and any other information deemed relevant by a hearing panel/officer. For cases resolved through the Conduct Board, all sanctions are decided by majority vote with the exception of a suspension or expulsion of an…
Melissa Allay, MEd is a native of Western Pennsylvania where she received a Bachelor’s of Science degree in Psychology and a Master’s of Education. She has worked in Student Affairs for over 12 years. She worked in Career Services for 5 of those years and the rest of her experience is in Student Affairs assessment. Melissa has been at Duke since March 2023. Student Affairs units Melissa supports include: Staff Resource Office, Finance and Administration, Career Center, Communications, New Student and Family Programs, Student Veteran Services, Duke Dining, Graduate and Professional Student Services
At Duke Student Affairs, our vision is that students will: Graduate with integrity and purpose, focused on near term goals and capable of adjusting to both opportunity and adversity; Care about themselves and others; and Develop the skills and judgment to navigate their journeys, both individually and collectively. Further, our vision for excellence extends to the greater Duke community, which is enhanced by the variety of outstanding services and operations provided by Student Affairs to students, faculty, staff, alumni, families, and guests of the University. The principles that guide us. Meaningful Inclusion: Moving Toward Equity Actively support all student identities…