Found 2959 matches
I am the administrative staff assistant at the East Campus HRL office. I handle all the keys and front desk by answering phone calls, emails and making sure students are receiving loaner keys for their rooms. I oversee the East Campus Dean’s schedule. I also supervise the student workers that runs the front desk. I was a security officer at Duke University with Allied Universal for 6 years. I have done security at East, Central, West and 300 Swift. Now I am at the East Campus HRL!!!
Carson Flynn (He/Him/His) manages the overall operations of Kilgo Quad and supports the operations of Crowell Quad. He has a B.S. in Biology from the University of Minnesota where he spent most of his energy serving as an RA and traveling competing in collegiate disc golf tournaments. He also spent time at Texas Christian University where he received an M.Ed in Higher Education Leadership and developed a love for BBQ cuisine. In his spare time, you’ll likely find him at the climbing wall, the nearest food truck, or exploring North Carolina.
Trainings The CML is proud to serve as a resource for the Duke community. Our voluntary trainings are open to anyone interested in learning. Check out the offerings designed to educate and engage the campus community. Please contact the CML staff for more information. Muslim Life at Duke can extend beyond the boundaries of campus. There are various masjids, organizations, MSAs and halal food options in and around the Durham-area. We’ve gathered information so you can begin exploring the opportunities! Masjids Local Organizations Local MSA’s Halal Food Online Our community often engages with the larger Muslim community in our area….
Dental Plan Duke has partnered with Aetna Student Health to provide an enhanced dental plan for students. The Aetna dental plan provides 100% coverage (up to the policy limits) at Campus Smiles and all In-network providers. This plan can be used nationwide. Review plan features here. Enrollment Enrollment in the university’s dental plan occurs during the same annual enrollment / waiver period as the medical plan, so students interested in enrolling in the Duke University dental plan must ensure they complete this voluntary enrollment before the deadline. Coverage Dates & Cost The Duke Student Dental Plan year runs from August…
Brian (He/Him) is a Residence Coordinator overseeing Bassett, Brown, Pegram, and Alspaugh. Brian was born and raised in Lenoir, North Carolina, in the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains. He has an undergraduate degree in English Education from NC State University, and an M. Ed. in Higher Education Student Affairs from Western Carolina University. Outside of work, he enjoys horror movies/literature, writing music, and powerlifting.
I am the Financial Staff Assistant in the East Campus HRL office. As the financial staff assistant, I primarily handle the budgets for the Dean, Residence Coordinators, and House Council’s on East Campus. For each of these fund code budgets I reconcile purchases, and complete monthly audits to ensure every penny is accounted for. I also oversee the space reservations for events on East Campus and run comprehensive lock box reports to ensure master keys are in their proper places. Quite the Duke journey man I am. Started as a temporary employee in the Nike Team Store, then moved to…
We’re committed to supporting all students and providing the resources they need to feel safe and welcome. In case of an emergency in which you or another’s immediate safety is at risk, please call Duke Police at 919-684-2444. If calling off campus, dial 9-1-1. Access Duke’s Confidential Mental Health Crisis Line by calling 919-660-1000, option 2. Events for Graduate & Professional Students Graduate and Professional Student Advisory Council (GPSAC) Connecting student affairs professionals across Duke’s graduate and professional schools through collaboration, shared learning, and community. Learn More New Blue Devils We are excited to welcome you to our community of…
As the Associate Director for Housing Assignments, I manage the larger housing assignment processes including first year assignments, upperclass academic year application and room selection, housing accommodation assignments, fall to spring transition, etc. I supervise two staff members who support manage front line communications for the Housing Assignments Office and implements smaller housing processes including winter break housing, spring extension housing, early arrivals, etc. I have worked in Student Affairs for over 15 years. My journey in Student Affairs started as a Resident Assistant at Western Illinois University and I continued working in housing as a professional at various other…
We’re available and ready to assist in your transition and experience. Student Affairs works collaboratively with students, faculty, and staff to support our undergraduate, graduate, and professional school student veterans, as well as the broader military-affiliated community. Throughout the year, we work with key stakeholders across campus to determine the needs of our students, develop priorities, and implement support strategies. The Office of Student Veterans focuses on three primary objectives: Developing and implementing opportunities for community building Serve as a resource both on- and off-campus for student veterans Advocacy on behalf of the military-affiliated community Military Call-Up Policy We in the Office…
Today and Beyond Through personalized career counseling, expansive post-graduate resources, and hundreds of student organizations, we empower students to explore their passions, contribute to their communities, and drive positive change—on campus, in Durham, and around the world. Together, we create a vibrant, inclusive community where students are supported, challenged, and inspired to lead lives of purpose and meaning. Our Current Initiatives We are grateful for your support and want giving to Duke and Student Affairs to be convenient and easy for you. You can support Duke and the initiatives that are important to you in various ways. Non-monetary gifts are…
Nicole (she/her/hers) develops the written and digital Housing Assignments communications and assists with smaller assignment processes including summer housing and early arrival assignments. Nicole received a BA in Communication Studies from UNC Charlotte and came to Duke from being an elementary school teacher. Nicole enjoys reading, food adventures, and all things Disney!