Found 2959 matches
Christmas as calamity – Ibsen Award winner, MacArthur Fellow, and Pulitzer Prize finalist, Taylor Mac, takes on the holidays to celebrate the season in all its dysfunction. There is more to the holidays than rampant gift-giving – in Taylor’s world, creativity and imagination are their own spirituality. Taylor Mac reminds us of the collective power of our chosen families, a message that rings tr…
Celebrate the Mass with the Duke Catholic Center during the week! Daily Mass takes place (usually) in Memorial Chapel, inside Duke Chapel. Check our website for the most up to date Mass schedule: catholic.duke.edu.
The First Friday Tour is in full affect. In a bold new way, join both the MLWC and CMA for the First Friday word tour series. This month we will be at the Center for Multicultural Affairs for a Speed Volunteering themed First Friday. Stay connected to see the schedule for the year.
SBSB’s annual fall performance in Goodson Chapel.
Since its formation in 2011, the London-based Castalian Quartet has distinguished itself as one of the most dynamic, sophisticated young string quartets performing today. Gaining renown for interpretations “full of poetry, joy and sorrow, realised to such perfection” (The Observer), they are the first Hans Keller String Quartet in Residence at the University of Oxford and were named Young Artis…
Weekly rehearsal.
Celebrate the Mass with the Duke Catholic Center during the week! Daily Mass takes place (usually) in Memorial Chapel, inside Duke Chapel. Check our website for the most up to date Mass schedule: catholic.duke.edu.
Celebrate the Mass with the Duke Catholic Center during the week! Daily Mass takes place (usually) in Memorial Chapel, inside Duke Chapel. Check our website for the most up to date Mass schedule: catholic.duke.edu.
Join the Duke Catholic Center for Mass each Sunday at 9am or 11am in Goodson Chapel or 8pm in Duke Chapel. Find our full event schedule at catholic.duke.edu.
Social Hosts are members of the Duke community that are required to be present at all on-campus events where alcohol is present. Social Hosts are sober, active bystanders that assist in promoting safe, social behaviors to ensure that the event ends well for all those attending. What will this workshop cover? Your role as a Social Host. How you can promote safe, social behaviors. How your …
Bean Pie & Chai is a casual gathering held during Duke’s Family Weekend, inviting the families of Muslim students to visit the Center for Muslim Life (CML) and meet the staff who support their children throughout the year. This event creates a welcoming and relaxed space for parents, students, and family members to connect over bean pies, a distinctive African American dish, and chai, a drink f…
In Fragmented Shadows, choreographer Wanjiru Kamuyu—joined by two dancers—gives attention to invisible stories evoking the personal, ancestral, and societal inaudible wounds imprinted in one’s body – shaping our well-being in seen and unseen ways. Supported by epigenetic and psychosomatic research, the three performers trace an inner, abstract, and visual journey—stimulating and evocative, myst…