Found 2959 matches
Student Affairs Stories Discover the latest events, highlights, and stories from across the Division. Click here Navigating the Intranet Departments with an Intranet presence are listed below. Click on RESOURCES & TOPICS in the sidebar menu to take you into an expanded section under that topic or resource. Click on DEPARTMENTS & UNITS to see a list of all departments in Student Affairs. Assessment Finance & Administration Communications Facilities Information Technology Staff Resource Office Share your stories Storytelling is the art of conveying a narrative to an audience through spoken, written, or visual means. It is a fundamental human…
Welcome to Information Technology Services Student Affairs staff and student employees have access to two technology-focused teams to consult and resolve different needs. See below for the who, what, and how. Student Affairs – Information Technology Services (SA ITS) New or existing vendor product(s), process improvement, student data usage for visual reporting and analytics: Request licensing for: Tableau (for Duke Staff) Adobe Creative Cloud Adobe Document Cloud Review process, confirm value, project manage implementation of: AdobeSign Emma Kuali Build Duke Group Manager Audio/Visual Requests (Zoom Rooms, Kontek setups, etc) Purchasing / Ordering Division cell phones, push to talk devices Student…
ORIENTATION IS MORE THAN A WEEK! Orientation is more than a week! The beauty of Duke is that there are endless resources and opportunities available to students, and it will take far more than a week (or semester) to discover them. The office of New Student and Family Programs partners with a host of campus partners to make sure that you are introduced to the campus resources you need the most when the time is right. During the fall semester, we are excited to introduce Welcome Weeks. Throughout the first month of the fall semester, some of the largest on-campus…
Furniture Most apartments and houses in Durham do not come with furniture. Students typically rent furniture from a rental company, purchase used furniture from other students or thrift stores, or purchase new furniture. Furniture Rental Companies Both companies below are popular with students. Here’s how it works: Select a furniture rental package or the specific pieces of furniture you would like to rent. Search for the package that best suits your needs, ex. a student rental package. Many apartment complexes have contracts with a specific furniture rental company; ask about this option when you’re applying. Pay a monthly rental fee…
Gender Inclusive Restrooms List and Map View an interactive map of all gender inclusive restrooms on campus here. Is there a gender inclusive restroom in your building that isn’t listed? Fill out this form. If incorrect information is listed below please contact us with the updated information. Information for nursing parents can be found in our FAQ section. You can find it by navigating the sidebar from our main page. West Admissions, On left after entering building Allen Building, Two in Brodhead Suite Alumni House, Under stairs, left of front desk Ambler Tennis Stadium, 1 restroom Brodhead Center, Ground Floor, 058T…
With experience ranging from advisor and instructor, program developer, and employer relations, Catherine (she/her) joined the Duke Career Center in 2019. She is an Assistant Director currently managing the Data, Technology & Engineering Career Community and advising undergraduate and graduate students with interests across all areas. Catherine grew up in Seven Lakes, NC. In her first career as a licensed K-12 School Counselor, she worked at the middle school and district levels in Albuquerque, NM, with a focus on college and career readiness. Career development and education remained a primary focus for Catherine as she transitioned to Higher Ed career…
Providing a continuum of care. Health Insurance Information on health insurance for all Duke students. Learn More Wellness Promotion Manage your stress. Reduce your anxiety. Learn more Mental Health Services Addressing a wide range of life circumstances that affect your ability to thrive. Learn More Medical Services Not feeling so great? See how we can help. Learn More Alcohol & Other Drug Resources Keeping yourself and others safe. Learn more Gender Violence Education and Outreach Helping create a campus culture free from violence. Learn more The Student Wellness Center The Wellness Center, located in the heart of West Campus, was…
Legal Assistance Landlord issues? Know your rights and responsibilities as a tenant! In North Carolina, your landlord must keep your housing fit and safe. As a tenant, you must pay your rent, keep your home clean, and not damage your home. You must also inform your landlord of maintenance or pest issues. For example, if there is mold in your apartment, you must inform management. Here are local Fair Housing laws in Durham and a website where you can file a complaint. Check out this guide to learn more about how to solve common landlord issues like making repairs and…
Grace Athy (she, her, hers) is an Assistant Director in the Duke Career Center and works with the Business, Finance, and Consulting Community. She is joining Duke with over four years of experience within Career Services. Most recently, at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, within Kenan-Flagler’s Business School and University Career Services. She achieved her BSW from Spring Arbor University and shortly thereafter, her MSW from the University of Texas at Rio Grande Valley. She is originally from Michigan, but has since lived in many other states, such as South Dakota, Texas, and now North Carolina. Prior to…
Chloë is Assistant Director for Duke’s Professional Masters Programs. She offers career coaching and shares resources that support students pursuing engineering master’s degrees in this role. She began coaching Pratt’s Master’s students starting in the Fall of 2021 as a coaching consultant and has officially joined us Full-Time in Spring Semester 2022. Chloë received her bachelor’s degree in Journalism with a minor in Anthropology and her master’s degree in School Counseling from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (UNC). While her graduate studies focused on school counseling, she realized that career counseling was her favorite part of her…
All Things Duke Community Connection Event Planning Guide Message Archives Our Identity Student Employment Development for Student Affairs Town Hall Inclusive Excellence Divisional Policies New Staff Quick Resource Guide Supporting Students Training Voting & Political Activity Staff Wellbeing