Found 2959 matches
Lunch Pop-Up:The Chef’s Kitchen offers a new culinary experience every few weeks and is open for lunch Monday-Friday from 11 a.m. – 3 p.m. during fall and spring semesters. Currently Offering: Don’s Classic Subs Now popping up in The Chef’s Kitchen: Don’s Classic Subs! Choose from classic menu favorites or build your own sub or bowl with fresh ingredients and bold flavors! Served with your choice of chips or fries. Cooking Classes: Get Cooking:Offered fall semester.*Only students that have not taken this class will be admitted to allow for new attendees.Get Cooking is a culinary essentials cooking that provides the hands-on…
Hillel Global Giving Week 2023 Help Jewish Life at Duke reach our goal of raising $15,000 to support the Israel Program Fund! Support Israel Programs at Duke This Hillel Global Giving Week, from May 1-5, support Israel engagement, education, and experiences for Duke’s Jewish students by making a gift to Jewish Life at Duke’s Israel Program Fund! Donate Now About the Campaign Your gift to Jewish Life at Duke inspires meaningful experiences and lifelong connections for every Jewish Duke student. From May 1-5, Jewish Life at Duke joins more than 150 Hillels around the world in participating in the fourth…
Welcome to Duke, Class of 2030! Experiential Orientation is an incredible weeklong immersion that allows new-to-Duke students to dive into an engaging experience that builds community and fosters a sense of belonging around a shared interest. Combining experiential and immersive education with thoughtful team-building, engaging excursions, leadership development, and campus and community tours, this orientation model promises to be an incredible introduction to the Duke community. Orientation Week begins on Sunday, August 16, 2026, and concludes on Friday, August 21, 2026. Students will complete a questionnaire and be matched to a project based on their interests. The Experiential Orientation Matching Questionnaire…
Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) within the Division of Student Affairs are created and led by staff volunteers who share common interests, identities, or positions. These groups strive to create spaces to promote a sense of belonging, support, mentorship, networking, professional development opportunities, and resource sharing within the division. ERGs play an important role in advancing our commitment to inclusive excellence. While our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) are often centered around shared identities or lived experiences, all Student Affairs employees are welcome to participate, support, and learn. ERGs provide a space within the division that makes Student Affairs a positive and…
Islamic Dates Students are permitted by university policy to be absent from class to observe a religious holiday. Students who miss class to observe a specified religious holiday are expected to make prior arrangements with their instructor to make up any work missed. This policy reflects the University’s commitment to being responsive to our increasing diversity and to enabling students’ spiritual development. To learn more about Duke’s religious observance and holidays please visit:https://trinity.duke.edu/undergraduate/academic-policies/religious-holidays.
Duke Powwow The Native American & Indigenous Student Alliance (NAISA), in collaboration with the Center for Multicultural Affairs, hosts the annual Duke Powwow. Dancers, drummers and audiences come from across North Carolina to participate in this visual and artistic representation of the strength and vitality of the Native American culture. Powwow strives to bring together all facets of our community in honoring and celebrating Native American culture from various tribes and traditions. All are welcome to join us for this celebration. Participant & Community Info: Please see the tiles and/or dropdown options below for for helpful information and resources. Contact…
There is no excerpt because this is a protected post.
Duke alumnus Ari Ackerman (‘93) recognized by university for service and leadership to Jewish community Duke alumnus Ari Ackerman (‘93) recognized by university for service and leadership to Jewish community Duke alumnus Ari Ackerman (‘93) recognized by university for service and leadership to Jewish community Duke alumnus Ari Ackerman (‘93) recognized by university for service and leadership to Jewish community Wearing Judaism on His Sleeve Duke alumnus Ari Ackerman ‘93 recognized by university for service and leadership to Jewish community Jewish Life at Duke is proud to celebrate Ari Ackerman (‘93) as a recipient of the 2022 Beyond Duke Service…
Submit your Story Your experiences and stories are an integral part of the vibrant tapestry that makes Duke University a special place. We want to hear from you! Submit Here Share Your Story with Us!We want to highlight the amazing events, programs, and initiatives happening across campus. Whether you’re showcasing a recent success or promoting an upcoming event, your story can help inspire and inform the community. To help you get started, we’ve provided a few guiding questions below. These prompts will help you capture the essence of your event and ensure that your submission aligns with our mission to…
Israel Engagement Providing students with engagement and learning opportunities Israel programs and initiatives connect Duke students with Israel both on campus and abroad. All students are welcome to participate. Our approach to Israel is framed through the following three Es: Education: Programs that focus on teaching students about the diverse aspects of Israel — not just the geopolitical conflict, but also its people, culture, society, and language. Experience: Travel to Israel for firsthand experience of the country. Engagement: One-on-one coffee conversations and meetings with the Israel Fellow to explore personal connection to and views on Israel in order to help students…
Jewish Life at Duke Professional Staff Meet the professionals that are here to help our students find meaning, connection, and joy! Joyce Gordon Director Email: joyce.gordon@duke.edu Phone: 919-681-2911 Joyce Gordon (she/her/hers) joined us as Director for Jewish Life in July of 2018. As director, Joyce oversees all aspects of the Freeman Center and JLD’s work across campus. She sets the strategy for Jewish Life at Duke, cultivates alumni and parent partnerships through the advisory board, and manages our organizational operations. Joyce also serves on university searches and committees. In every aspect of her role, Joyce’s primary focus is Duke’s bright,…
University resources are here for you Experience cutting-edge exhibits, perfomances, workshops, lectures, and more! American Dance Festival Each summer Duke University hosts the American Dance Festival, a recognized leader in modern dance presenting dance performances, and offering educational opportunities and community programs. ADF ensures that modern dance remains a powerful and universal form of human expression and that this art form is accessible to all, now and for generations to come. Arts Annex The Arts Annex is a hub of Duke’s student art scene and houses studio arts (including ceramics, screen printing, and visual arts), rehearsal, and programming spaces. This…