Found 2959 matches
Don’t miss the picture of the year. All are welcome to meet us at the chapel stairs for the First Day of Class annual group picture. As the date approaches we will announce the picture time.
Join the Duke Catholic Center for Mass each Sunday at 9am or 11am in Goodson Chapel or 8pm in Duke Chapel. Find our full event schedule at catholic.duke.edu.
The First Information Session introducing the Scale and Coin Business Society to the Freshmen Class of 2029
The Welcome Back Barbecue is an annual tradition hosted a few weeks after classes begin, offering a warm space to celebrate the return of the campus community. The event provides an opportunity for Muslims to connect with delicious halal food, games, door prizes, and activities for students and families. Student organizations set up tables to showcase opportunities for involvement, while CML st…
JFAM, the Jewish First-Year Advisory Mentorship Program Don’t miss the Welcome BBQ & JFAM Kickoff! As a first-year student, you’ll be paired with two upperclass mentors and a JFAMily of fellow first-years to help guide your transition to Duke, serve as a resource, and attend JLD events together. You’ll be paired with your JFAM “Parent” Mentor and receive your exclusive JFAM swag at the Welc…
New and returning friends are welcome in the CSGD to build community over free food
Join the Duke Catholic Center for Mass each Sunday at 9am or 11am in Goodson Chapel or 8pm in Duke Chapel. Find our full event schedule at catholic.duke.edu.
The Duke Chapel Choir is holding this open rehearsal. It is a great way to meet the choir, learn some music, and experience the grandeur of the Chapel! No preparation necessary. All are welcome. Those attending this rehearsal are invited to stay and sing in the Chapel’s worship service from 11:00 a.m. to 12:15 p.m. Through the Chapel Choir, you can make beautiful music in a sacred space as p…
Join the Duke Catholic Center for Mass each Sunday at 9am or 11am in Goodson Chapel or 8pm in Duke Chapel. Find our full event schedule at catholic.duke.edu.
Close out Orientation Week by meeting your fellow first-years for Shabbat services and a free, family-style kosher Shabbat dinner with Jewish Life at Duke. Our egalitarian Kabbalat Shabbat service starts at 5:30pm in the Freeman Center Sanctuary, followed by dinner at 6:30pm. Just returning from an Orientation program? No worries, come whenever you can, even if it’s late! You’re also welcome to…
Join us for Jumu’ah prayer at Duke University, where nearly 100 community members gather for spiritual inspiration. Experience a sense of peace and community during the service, followed by food and fellowship. Come together with fellow Muslims and friends for a meaningful Friday prayer experience.
Celebrate the Mass with the Duke Catholic Center during the week! Daily Mass takes place (usually) in Memorial Chapel, inside Duke Chapel. Check our website for the most up to date Mass schedule: catholic.duke.edu.