Found 2959 matches
Keeping Yourself & Others Safe We are here as a resource to provide you with educational opportunities, social host trainings, and organizational risk management workshops so you can safely enjoy your time here at Duke. Whether you are looking for information or strategies for yourself, a friend, or for a larger organization, DuWell can work with you to develop an action plan for reducing the potential harm stemming from high-risk behaviors and activities. Social Host Workshop Social Hosts are members of the Duke community that are required to be present at all on-campus events where alcohol is present. Social Hosts…
Engage with Our Community We offer a variety of programs and events throughout the year that are open to all members of the Duke community. Be sure to check Duke Groups for the full upcoming schedule! Regular Programming Jumu’ah (also spelled Jummah, Jumu’a, or Jum’ah) The Friday prayer service (Jumu’ah) is a cornerstone of many Muslim communities. Join us for the CML’s Friday prayer service which includes a khutbah (sermon) and prayer. Stay after to enjoy food and socialize with the community! All are welcome. When: Fridays, 1:00-1:30 p.m. Where: McClendon Tower, Fifth Floor (see Duke Groups for more) Zoom Option:…
Student Medical Insurance Plan Benefits Duke’s Student Medical Insurance Plan (SMIP) is a robust, high quality plan that provides excellent and affordable benefits for our students. This Affordable Care Act (ACA) compliant plan is designed specifically for students to help support their health and well-being needs while at Duke. For students looking to compare the Duke SMIP to other plans, our plan is designated as a Platinum level plan under the ACA rating system. Coverage Period for 2025 – 2026 Coverage Period for 2026 – 2027 Plan Benefits There are a number of documents and resources to help you…
Join the JLD Parents Circle 100% of JLD’s operating budget comes from donations from parents, alumni, and friends. We rely on your support to build a strong and vibrant Jewish community at Duke. Parents and Grandparents, make a gift of $360+ and choose a thank-you gift as a token of our appreciation! Give Today You don’t have to be a student to be part of the JLD Family Parents/Guardians engage with the Jewish community at Duke in many ways: whether you attend events, support the community or simply stay in touch, we welcome your involvement. Congratulations on having a Blue…
Ramadan and Eid @Duke A month of prayer, reflection, and fasting followed by Eid al Fitr! Ramadan Eid al Fitr One of the most sacred months in the Islamic calendar, Ramadan is observed as a month of fasting, reflection, and prayer. Many Muslims will fast from food & drink (including water) from dawn until some time around sunset. We estimate that nearly 400 of the Muslims at Duke will participate in the CML’s Ramadan programming. Eid al-Fitr marks the joyful end of Ramadan, a time for celebration, gratitude, and community. It is one of the most significant holidays in the…
Connect with DISC There are lots of ways to connect with students, organizations, departments on campus, and Duke’s global community! Learn how to connect, learn, grow, and stay informed and how to get involved below. Duke International Student Center Newsletter The DISC weekly newsletter, sent on Thursdays during the academic year, includes important announcements, updates from DISC and our campus partners, and information about programs, workshops, and Duke events. It is intended for Duke students, scholars, and faculty/staff. Questions? Email intlstudents@duke.edu . Click here to sign up to receive the DISC newsletter Programs, Workshops, and Socials Attend a DISC event…
Are you in compliance? North Carolina State Law (General Statutes §130A 152–157) requires that all students entering college present a certificate of immunization that documents that the student has received all immunizations required by law. While your state or country of origin may have different immunization requirements, you must comply with North Carolina laws and Duke requirements. Steps For Immunization Compliance STEP 1: Complete the online Tuberculosis Screening Questionnaire. STEP 2: You will receive an email after completing the questionnaire. Print the PDF and follow the instructions provided. STEP 3: If you will be under the age of 18 on August 1, 2025, your guardian…
Same-Day Appointment Call (919) 681-9355 and choose option 2. Students are seen by appointment only. Same-day appointments are available depending on the demand and time of day. Contacting us as early as possible is the best way to maximize your chance of getting a same-day appointment. If no appointments are available, students will be assessed by a triage nurse and provided with an appropriate plan of care. This may consist of guidance on how to manage symptoms at home and/or being scheduled for the next available appointment, emergency expedited care, or referred to an off-campus treatment center. We always do…
In an emergency, assistance is always close. In case of an emergency in which your or another’s immediate safety is at risk, please call 911. If you are not sure where to begin and would like to speak to someone, contact DukeReach at 919-681-2455 (between 8:00am and 5:00pm). Access Duke’s Confidential Mental Health Crisis Line by calling 919-660-1000, option 2. Campus Resources for Emergencies Duke Police – Emergency: 911 Duke Police – Victim Assistance: 919-684-2444 Duke Emergency Department: 2301 Erwin Road Dean of Students Office: 919-668-3853 DukeReach: 919-681-2455 DuWell: 919-681-8421 Bias Incident Report Form Center for Sexual and Gender Diversity:…
Forever Duke The fun doesn’t end at graduation! The Duke Jewish Alumni Network is dedicated to helping members grow their personal and professional networks, reunite with classmates and friends, and celebrate and foster Jewish identity. Get involved as a DJAN volunteer here. LEARN ABOUT Duke Jewish Alumni Network Alumni & Jewish Life at Duke Jewish Life at Duke would not exist without the support of our dedicated alumni. Duke’s Jewish alumni care passionately about the university and about Jewish Life at Duke. Our alumni serve in leadership positions on our advisory board, network with other alumni, offer career advice and…
Victoria Krebs (she/her) works in the Duke Reach office, providing outreach and support for all students who report or are accused of harassment, discrimination, or sexual misconduct. She’s been at Duke since 2015, and in 2020 she began working on adaptable resolution cases, which offer students the option to resolve cases of harassment or misconduct outside of the formal conduct process. She holds a J.D. from the University of Tennessee, a M.S. in education from the University of Rochester, and a B.A. in psychology from Vanderbilt University. Outside of Duke, Victoria enjoys spending time with her spouse, four children, three…