Found 2959 matches
High Holidays with Jewish Life at Duke Each year, all members of Duke community are invited to celebrate the High Holidays with Jewish Life at Duke. For Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur, both Reform and Conservative-style services are offered at the Freeman Center for Jewish Life and are open to all students, faculty, staff, and community members, regardless of background or religious affiliation. We also offer Tashlich at Duke Gardens, a ritual performed on Rosh Hashanah in which we visit a body of water and symbolically cast off our sins. Additionally, we offer free holiday meals for students including Rosh…
Project Directors Project Directors for Duke Experiential Orientation experiences will lead community-building orientation projects that are the tapestry of Duke orientation. Projects will create an inclusive environment where new members of our community can build healthy relationships, learn about campus culture, and begin to acclimate to Duke. With the help of campus partners and the Office of New Student and Family Programs, Project Directors will facilitate these outcomes by co-designing a project schedule, developing and training a student staff, and leading the execution of their project. Each Project will have no more than two project directors, who will be expected…
Welcome Duke is committed to providing a comprehensive response for those in our community who have experienced any form of gender violence. Our goal is to ensure that all members of our community are met with caring and compassionate response while being provided access to all available resources. Everyone’s experience to gender violence is unique. The information below lays out the wide array of resources available to survivors of gender violence. Family and friends of survivors may also use this information to become more aware of the options available at Duke University.We hope tuning into the options available to you…
VA Benefits and Certification The Registrar’s Office serves as the School Certifying Official (SCO) for Duke. Please direct questions related to benefits and certification to veteranseducation@duke.edu or 919-684-2813. Comprehensive instructions on how to apply benefits can be found at the Duke University Registrar Website. If you have already applied with the VA to use your benefits, have received your Certificate of Eligibility (COE) letter from them, please forward a copy of the letter to veteranseducation@duke.edu. Veterans and military-affiliated students may be eligible for education and training benefits, such as Yellow Ribbon Program Post 9/11 GI Bill® (Chapter 33) Veteran Readiness and Employment…
Want to reactivate a student organization at Duke? Student organization recognition is managed by Student Involvement & Leadership and is required for access to university support and resources, more specifically, functions managed by Student Affairs. Step 1: Verify Organization Eligibility Student organizations are eligible for reactivation if they have not completed annual re-registration for two consecutive academic years. Use this link to check the list of inactive groups eligible for reactivation Undergraduate organizations should be reactivated and led by undergraduate students. Graduate/professional organizations should be reactivated and led by graduate/professional students. Department sponsored organizations must obtain a letter from their…
Women’s Center Programs & Services The Women’s Center offers a variety of programs for all Duke students. From our monthly Wind Down Wednesdays and Lunch and Learn Workshops, to Signature Events like the Reproductive Justice Conference, Black Femme Dinner, and WomC Awards. All are welcome! Read on to learn more about our programs and check out our DukeGroups page to sign up and attend! September – Femme Student Group Showcase The Femme Student Group Showcase is intended to connect students to some cool women and femme-led student groups on campus. With topics ranging from career and business, gender equity and…
Fraternities and sororities have been part of the University’s history dating back to the time of Trinity College. Through the development of partnerships, student advocacy, and educational programming, fraternities & sororities at Duke aim to be a place where students can develop leadership skills, gain cultural competency, enhance personal wellness, and think critically – all while making an impact on their greater communities. Councils & Chapters Multicultural Greek Council (MGC) National Pan-Hellenic Council (NPHC) The Multicultural Greek Council (MGC) is the governing body for culturally-based fraternities and sororities at Duke whose membership is open to all undergraduate students. Current MGC…
Tayla Suitte (she/her) Assistant Director Before joining the Duke Women’s Center in October 2023, Raleigh native, Tayla Suitte, resided in the Queen City, where she became a two-time graduate of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte. During her time at UNC Charlotte, Tayla earned a bachelor’s degree in Health Systems Management in December 2020 and a Master’s of Public Health with a concentration in Epidemiology in May 2023. As the Assistant Director of Community Engagement, Tayla facilitates collaborations with community organizations and campus partners to address gender expansive issues. She leads multiple programs, including Her Garden: The Women of…
Reach Out! If you have any questions, concerns, or feedback feel free to contact us at gveo@duke.edu. Request A Program or Workshop We are available to facilitate discussions and present interactive programs on gender violence prevention. We can adapt any workshop to meet the needs of your group. Fill out our form Check out our Upcoming Events on DukeGroups! GVEO Office The Wellness Center 305 Towerview DrRm 131ADurham, NC 27710 Find us on Duke Maps If you attended a program or training and would like to provide feedback, please fill out this survey.
Disability Community Space (DCS) Check back soon for more information! Disability Community Space (DCS) is an inclusive affinity space open to all. It offers a welcoming environment where individuals of different abilities and allies can connect, share experiences, access resources, and foster mutual support.
Kosher Grab & Go Meals Convenience and Flavor Sometimes you’re on East or West Campus and just want to grab a quick kosher meal. We are proud to offer Kosher Grab & Go Locations across campus. Kosher Grab & Go meals are prepared, packaged, and sealed at the Freeman Center Café, a kosher facility under rabbinical supervision, operated in partnership by Duke Dining and Jewish Life at Duke. Freeman Center Cafe for Made-to-Order Meals Made-to-order kosher meals are available for purchase at the Freeman Center Café. Click here for hours of operation, menu, and more. First-year students keeping kosher may…
BLACK HISTORY MONTH in collaboration with the Mary Lou Williams Center for Black Culture For the FULL Black History Month experience, click here! What is Black History Month? Black History Month, celebrated each February, honors the richness of Black culture and the global African diaspora. It began in 1926 as Negro History Week, founded by historian Carter G. Woodson and the Association for the Study of Negro Life and History (ASNLH). The second week of February was chosen to coincide with the birthdays of Abraham Lincoln and Frederick Douglass. In 1976, during the nation’s bicentennial, the observance was officially expanded…