Found 2959 matches
SASRO Updates Central Stay up to date on HR and Payroll related items that you need to know! Recent Messages from SASRO You may have seen that the University announced modifications to the remote work policy on February 13, 2025: https://hr.duke.edu/policies/remote-work/. Student Affairs has also updated our policy regarding flexible scheduling. This update clarifies the process of approval and documentation – and shares guidance on how flexible scheduling should be managed. Please ensure that you review the updated policy and implement these processes within your area in collaboration with your department director and senior leader. Please also note the…
Frequently Asked Questions FAQs Title IX FAQs Here, you’ll find information about the new Federal Title IX Regulations and their application in Duke Policies and Procedures. This list applies to both Duke University and Duke Health and is maintained and revised by Duke’s Office for Institutional Equity. The list was last revised on November 17, 2020. Review the Title IX FAQs here Mythbusters FAQs There are a number of options available to students who have experienced an incident of sex or gender-based violence, harassment, or discrimination. This FAQ list serves to help ensure access to accurate information by clarifying common…
Mythbusters FAQs leave this page
QuadEx is a living and learning model that builds upon the history, values, and spirit of Duke to enhance and integrate the social, residential, and intellectual lives of undergraduates. QuadEx structures and resources work together to strengthen on-campus communities, enable deeper exploration of intellectual interests, and support student well-being and growth. With QuadEx, it’s not just where you live but how you live. Visit the QuadEx site Frequently Asked Questions What? Extending the best to all Neighborhood-based residential model centered around seven West Campus Quads that will support students for their entire four years at Duke. East Campus Houses will be permanently connected to…
Learn more about your community team and the resources available to Kilgo! Home to approximately 340 sophomores, juniors, and seniors, Kilgo Quad is the first residential building built on West Campus. Res Ed Staff Residence Coordinator (RC): Kayla Wood Resident Assistants (RA) Faculty Fellow Academic Guides Learning Living Communities (LLCs) Residence Coordinators (RCs) are live-in professional staff members who oversee specific residence halls (known as houses or Quads). They ensure a safe and supportive learning environment for all students. They supervise the RA staff, advise councils, support students of concerns, serve as conduct hearing officers, manage facilities concerns, and engage…
East Campus Houses Expand each section to view history, details, location, and more! Alspaugh Alspaugh opened during the period when Trinity College became Duke University. The building was completed in the fall of 1926 and originally referred to as Dormitory No. 2. The building is named for John Wesley Alspaugh (1831 – 1912) who earned his degree in 1855 from Trinity College which was then located in Randolph County. Details about Alspaugh: Home to approximately 120 first-year students. All bedrooms have original hardwood floors. Bedrooms are heated via steam radiators and cooled with window AC or floor unit AC. Most rooms…
It’s Thyme: New Allergen-Friendly Dining Venue “It’s Thyme” is officially open in its new location at the Bryan Center! Bringing a fresh and innovative dining experience to the Duke community, It’s Thyme is operated by Erik and Rebecca Dailey, and their stellar team, and promises a worry-free culinary adventure catering to all, including those with the top nine food allergens. About the Menu: Dive into the delectable world of It’s Thyme, where the menu is a delightful journey split into three sections: ‘Our Thyme,’ ‘Your Thyme,’ and ‘Its Thyme.’ Our Thyme: Discover bowls inspired by Team Thyme – the diverse…
THE YAAD Est. 2022 CMA: The Yaad’s primary focus is to serve and preserve the history, culture, and experience of Caribbean communities at Duke University. The word yaad is a Jamaican patois word that means “home”. It can also represent a strong emotional connection to the island. This space was born to create opportunity for the Caribbean diaspora to connect in the Bryan University Center. The space works toward providing an inclusive environment for all students. All are welcome. The Caribbean diaspora is a large group of people of Caribbean descent who live outside of their home countries. It’s a…
Let’s get started off right! Resources and requirements for a smooth entry to Student Affairs Onboarding Resources for Managers Information for managers to create a strong onboarding experience Go to resources Onboarding Resources for New Staff Welcome to Duke Student Affairs! Check out the guides to orient you to the division, Duke, and the local area. Go to resources Required Orientation Events for New Staff As new staff join the team, the onboarding experience plays a critical role to long term success and sense of belonging within the organization. Here are some of the orientation events to help new staff…
Duke Office of Climate and Sustainability Duke Campus Farm Duke Forest Sarah P. Duke Gardens Formerly Sustainable Duke, the Duke Office of Climate and Sustainability coordinates and supports climate and sustainability efforts at Duke. Our mission is educating and empowering the Duke community to create a more sustainable campus future through social, economic, and environmental change, on our campus and beyond. Green Certification Utilize ready-made checklists of strategies to lessen the footprint of your event, office, dorm, department, and more! These programs are great starting points for groups seeking tangible strategies and solutions. Green Devil Internship Program This is the Office of…
So many ways to grow as a professional at Duke! Click below to learn how to access select learning pathways To access additional professional development resources at Duke visit: https://hr.duke.edu/professional-development/ Professional Associations Duke Division of Student Affairs and its departments are members of a variety of professional associations. The ones listed below offer free or discounted membership for all division staff: ACHA – American College Health Association ACUHO-I – Association of College & University Housing Officers – International ACUI – Association of College Unions International EDUCAUSE – advancing higher education through the use of Information Teechnology ITGA – International Town…