Found 2959 matches
As an extension to our 2025 Summer Transition Series webinar sessions, we are excited to announce immersive, in-person Welcome Events! Welcome Events are designed: For first-year incoming Graduate and Professional students at Duke University. To foster a sense of belonging for graduate and professional students with Duke University in addition to unique academic programs. To facilitat…
Join the Duke Catholic Center for Mass each Sunday at 9am or 11am in Goodson Chapel or 8pm in Duke Chapel. Find our full event schedule at catholic.duke.edu.
Celebrate the Mass with the Duke Catholic Center during the week! Daily Mass takes place (usually) in Memorial Chapel, inside Duke Chapel. Check our website for the most up to date Mass schedule: catholic.duke.edu.
The Duke Chapel Choir is holding this open rehearsal. This is a great way to meet the choir, learn some music, and experience the grandeur of the Chapel! No preparation necessary. All are welcome. Through the Chapel Choir, you can make beautiful music in a sacred space as part of a 100-person choir of students, faculty members, staff, and community members. In addition to singing in Sunday m…
Calling all class of 2029 students and parents/family members: you’re invited to get to know Jewish Life at Duke, your future home-away-from-home on Duke’s campus! First, drop by the Freeman Center for Jewish Life from 4:00 – 5:30pm to see our building, meet fellow incoming Jewish students and families, learn about Jewish Life on campus, and get to know the Jewish Life staff. Welcome remarks…
As an extension to our 2025 Summer Transition Series webinar sessions, we are excited to announce immersive, in-person Welcome Events! Welcome Events are designed: For first-year incoming Graduate and Professional students at Duke University. To foster a sense of belonging for graduate and professional students with Duke University in addition to unique academic programs. To facilitat…
Social Hosts are members of the Duke community that are required to be present at all undergraduate on-campus events with more than 25 attendees where alcohol is present. Social Hosts are sober, active bystanders that assist in promoting safe, social behaviors to ensure that the event ends well for all those attending. Hosts who choose to provide kegs for their event are required to have completed the social host training and will be provided resources for proper monitoring of the distribution of alcohol to guests. Click here to register for a social host workshop. What will this workshop cover? Your role as…
The Welcome Back Barbecue is an annual tradition hosted a few weeks after classes begin, offering a warm space to celebrate the return of the campus community. The event provides an opportunity for Muslims to connect with delicious halal food, games, door prizes, and activities for students and families. Student organizations set up tables to showcase opportunities for involvement, while CML st…
Celebrate the Mass with the Duke Catholic Center during the week! Daily Mass takes place (usually) in Memorial Chapel, inside Duke Chapel. Check our website for the most up to date Mass schedule: catholic.duke.edu.
Don’t miss the picture of the year. All are welcome to meet us at the chapel stairs for the First Day of Class annual group picture. As the date approaches we will announce the picture time.
Welcome in the new school year with your friends at the WC! Drop by our office in Bryan Center 105/109 to grab some snacks and pick up any menstrual products you may have forgotten to pack. Event open to all.
New and returning friends are welcome in the CSGD to build community over free food