Found 2959 matches
Jewish Life at Duke Professional Staff Meet the professionals that are here to help our students find meaning, connection, and joy! Joyce Gordon Director Email: joyce.gordon@duke.edu Phone: 919-681-2911 Joyce Gordon (she/her/hers) joined us as Director for Jewish Life in July of 2018. As director, Joyce oversees all aspects of the Freeman Center and JLD’s work across campus. She sets the strategy for Jewish Life at Duke, cultivates alumni and parent partnerships through the advisory board, and manages our organizational operations. Joyce also serves on university searches and committees. In every aspect of her role, Joyce’s primary focus is Duke’s bright,…
Practice cultivating present-moment awareness Reduce stress and increase feelings of calm and self-compassion Click to Download May Mindfulness Flyer Mindful Watercolor Thursday, May 1 | 11: 00 am – 12:00 pm — Wellness Center Room 148 Take a mindful pause in your day with this relaxing one-hour session designed to help student affairs staff unwind and reconnect. You’ll engage in meditative watercolor painting while listening to calming music in a peaceful setting. No artistic experience is needed—just bring your curiosity and a willingness to slow down. This gentle, creative practice supports stress reduction, focus, and inner calm. All materials…
The Balthrop Cassidy (BC) Fellows aim to equip Duke students with the knowledge and skills necessary to cultivate healthy, supportive relationships across all areas of their lives. Made possible by the generous support of Denise Balthrop Cassidy T 1984 and her husband Bernard “Barney” Cassidy, the BC Fellowship is an instrumental part of the QuadEx approach to holistic wellbeing. The BC Fellows foster a healthy campus community by teaching students how to develop caring and meaningful relationships of all types. This direct work is a core part of the QuadEx mission to cultivate a community where every student can thrive….
Hillel Global Giving Week 2023 Help Jewish Life at Duke reach our goal of raising $15,000 to support the Israel Program Fund! Support Israel Programs at Duke This Hillel Global Giving Week, from May 1-5, support Israel engagement, education, and experiences for Duke’s Jewish students by making a gift to Jewish Life at Duke’s Israel Program Fund! Donate Now About the Campaign Your gift to Jewish Life at Duke inspires meaningful experiences and lifelong connections for every Jewish Duke student. From May 1-5, Jewish Life at Duke joins more than 150 Hillels around the world in participating in the fourth…
Trainings and Educational Opportunities for Duke Faculty & Staff Jewish Life at Duke offers voluntary trainings and educational opportunities throughout the year, including Antisemitism 101 sessions for Duke faculty and staff. To learn more, please contact the JLD staff at jewishlife@duke.edu Workshops take place in the Freeman Center for Jewish Life and are open to any Duke faculty or staff who register in advance, on a first-come, first-served basis. Trainings take place in-person only. We do not currently have a virtual option at this time. Antisemitism 101 Training for Faculty & Staff Antisemitism 101 is an in-person, interactive, in-depth training…
Cohort-Based Learning Opportunities with Jewish Life at Duke Deepen your understanding of Judaism on your own terms while building a community of peers Jewish Life at Duke offers a number of non-credit, cohort-based learning seminars during the fall and spring semesters. These cohorts are open to all students, regardless of background. These various conversational, cohort-based seminars are for those looking to deepen their understanding and connection to Judaism on their own terms. No prior Jewish knowledge is required! When you participate you’ll have the opportunity to ask the big questions – Who am I? What communities am I part of?…
Hillel Global Giving Week 2025 Support Shabbat Programs at Duke This Hillel Global Giving Week, from May 5-9, 2025, support Jewish Life at Duke! Help us reach our ambitious goal of raising $36,000 to fund Shabbat dinners at the Freeman Center for the fall semester! Donate Now About the Campaign Double Your Impact. Strengthen Jewish Life at Duke. From May 5-9, your gift to Jewish Life at Duke empowers students to celebrate their Jewish identity with pride, grow into compassionate leaders, and build lifelong friendships. We’re proud to join Hillels around the world for the 6th annual Hillel Global Giving Week—and…
Hanukkah 2025 with Jewish Life at Duke Virtual Hanukkah Candle Lighting with Jewish Life at Duke and the Duke Jewish Alumni Network with Special Guests Duke President Vincent Price & Men’s Basketball Coach Jon Scheyer Wednesday, December 17, 2025 7:30 pm Eastern Time / 4:30 pm Pacific Time Join Jewish Life at Duke and the Duke Jewish Alumni Network for our annual Hanukkah candle lighting during the Festival of Lights. Duke’s Campus Rabbi and Jewish Chaplain Elana Friedman will be joined by special guests Duke President Vincent E. Price and Duke Men’s Basketball Head Coach (and Duke Jewish alum) Jon Scheyer. Bring your own chanukiyah/menorah and light…
Hillel Global Giving Week 2026 Support the Jewish Future at Duke This Hillel Global Giving Week, from May 4-8, 2026, support Jewish Life at Duke! Help us reach our ambitious goal of raising $36,000 to grow the Jewish Future Endowment Fund! Donate Now About the Campaign Double Your Impact. Strengthen Jewish Life at Duke. From May 4-8, 2026, your gift to Jewish Life at Duke empowers students to celebrate their Jewish identity with pride, grow into compassionate leaders, and build lifelong friendships. We’re proud to join Hillels around the world for the 7th annual Hillel Global Giving Week—and there’s never been…
Shopping Strategies Shop Smart, Shop Fast Balanced Meals in a Snap Ready, Set, Cook Breakfast Coconutty Carrot Cake Oat Bran Creamy Maple Breakfast Teff Easy Breakfast Burrito Golden Apple Oatmeal Overnight Oats Pumpkin Pancakes Scrambled Tofu South Asian Styled Coconut Oats Sweet Grain Breakfast 1-Minute Quiche in a Mug Easy Meals & Snacks Apricot-Nut Turkey Salad Sandwich Bean, Corn, & Turkey Salad Banana Nut Smoothie No-Bake Granola Bars Pumpkin Spice Protein Balls Sesame and Kimchi Crackers Fish Tomato Bruschetta with Tuna & Cannellini Salad Citrus Ginger Glazed Salmon Lemon Basil Pasta & Shrimp Penne with Tuna & Fresh Tomato Sauce…
We’re here to help! DISC supports students throughout the year with programming, orientation, community building, and advocacy. Duke students (undergraduate and graduate/professional) are invited to subscribe to weekly updates from the DISC team during the fall and spring semesters. These weekly email newsletters share opportunities to connect, learn, and engage with the community. If you or your student organization would like support, collaborate, or submit content to be featured in the newsletter, please contact discnews@duke.edu. If you’d like to meet with a DISC team member over Zoom, you can make an appointment during our office hours using one of the…
We are Student Affairs at Duke. Our brand is most effective when executed cohesively across the division of Student Affairs. As the brand evolves, so will the content of this page. This page also serves as an extension of the Duke Brand Guide, and will reference portions of that guide throughout. Whether “communications” is part of your job title or not, Student Affairs professionals communicate in a multitude of ways every day. From departmental newsletters to event promotions to website content, the ways we communicate and the words we use can help us tell the story of our work more…