Found 2959 matches
Join us at 6:00 pm for a pluralistic Kabbalat Shabbat service, followed by a free, family-style kosher dinner at 7:00pm. RSVP by Friday at noon by texting “SHABBAT” to 984-333-5603. Food is provided and all are welcome to join! (The Freeman Center Cafe will be providing a full kosher meal for all students.)
Celebrate the Mass with the Duke Catholic Center during the week! Daily Mass takes place (usually) in Memorial Chapel, inside Duke Chapel. Check our website for the most up to date Mass schedule: catholic.duke.edu.
Interview Workshop for Scale & Coin
Social Hosts are members of the Duke community that are required to be present at all on-campus events where alcohol is present. Social Hosts are sober, active bystanders that assist in promoting safe, social behaviors to ensure that the event ends well for all those attending. What will this workshop cover? Your role as a Social Host. How you can promote safe, social behaviors. How your …
Celebrate the Mass with the Duke Catholic Center during the week! Daily Mass takes place (usually) in Memorial Chapel, inside Duke Chapel. Check our website for the most up to date Mass schedule: catholic.duke.edu.
Join us for Jumu’ah prayer at Duke University, where nearly 100 community members gather for spiritual inspiration. Experience a sense of peace and community during the service, followed by food and fellowship. Come together with fellow Muslims and friends for a meaningful Friday prayer experience.
Close out Orientation Week by meeting your fellow first-years for Shabbat services and a free, family-style kosher Shabbat dinner with Jewish Life at Duke. Our egalitarian Kabbalat Shabbat service starts at 5:30pm in the Freeman Center Sanctuary, followed by dinner at 6:30pm. Just returning from an Orientation program? No worries, come whenever you can, even if it’s late! You’re also welcome to…
Celebrate the Mass with the Duke Catholic Center during the week! Daily Mass takes place (usually) in Memorial Chapel, inside Duke Chapel. Check our website for the most up to date Mass schedule: catholic.duke.edu.
In this provocative interactive performance, Avital Meshi invites audience members into conversation: “would you like to speak with me, or with GPT-ME?” After months of wearing a GPT device, Meshi has made herself into a hybrid AI-human entity. When speaking as the GPT version of herself, Meshi voices conversational responses generated into her ear in real time. “In essence, I speak GPT. Rat…
Rush event AKPsi
Fair for Pratt activity groups to recruit new members.
Don’t miss the picture of the year. All are welcome to meet us at the chapel stairs for the First Day of Class annual group picture. As the date approaches we will announce the picture time.