Found 2959 matches
Mentors will provide local high school students 1-on-1 assistance through the college application process at their high schools
Every Monday from 7-8 pm DUU(rham) meets in Room 037 in the Bryan Center to plan and discuss events that foster lasting relationships between Duke students and Durham’s vendors, landmarks, and rich history.
Connecting and Strengthening the African Community It’s a Welcome Party! The Duke African Graduate and Professional Students Association (DAGPSA) invites all Africans to African Experience! ✨ Come enjoy: • Delicious African food • Great music • Fun games • And most importantly, connect with fellow students across Duke Dress code: Just bring a touch of Afr…
The Manhattan Chamber Players are a chamber music collective of New York-based musicians who share the common aim of performing the greatest works in the chamber repertoire at the highest level. Formed in 2015 by Artistic Director and violist Luke Fleming, MCP is comprised of an impressive roster of musicians who all come from the tradition of great music making at the Marlboro Music Festival,…
Join the Duke Catholic Center for Mass each Sunday at 9am or 11am in Goodson Chapel or 8pm in Duke Chapel. Find our full event schedule at catholic.duke.edu.
Celebrate the Mass with the Duke Catholic Center during the week! Daily Mass takes place (usually) in Memorial Chapel, inside Duke Chapel. Check our website for the most up to date Mass schedule: catholic.duke.edu.
Do you want to attend Duke Men’s Basketball games this year? Come learn about how you can become a Cameron Crazie as an undergrad! This presentation will include details about the walk-up line, game day policy, chants, and more. Join us to hear more about the best tradition in college sports, and how you can be a part of it.
Weekly gymnastics practice held for 2 hours twice a week.
Join us as we are led by Dr. Reinhardt Huetter in breaking open St. Augustine’s Confessions. Books are provided by the Thomistic Institute.
Celebrate the Mass with the Duke Catholic Center during the week! Daily Mass takes place (usually) in Memorial Chapel, inside Duke Chapel. Check our website for the most up to date Mass schedule: catholic.duke.edu.
The Duke American Chemical Society is hosting an interactive Q&A for students interested in a Pre-Health profession. Come ask all your questions to a Duke medical professional!
Join the Duke Catholic Center for Mass each Sunday at 9am or 11am in Goodson Chapel or 8pm in Duke Chapel. Find our full event schedule at catholic.duke.edu.