Found 2959 matches
On September 4, the Program in American Grand Strategy will host a conversation with former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Charles Q. Brown, Jr. (Ret.). Peter Feaver will moderate. Registration is encouraged, though not required. Visit ags.duke.edu to register. General Charles Q. Brown, Jr. served as the 21st Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff—the nation’s highest-rankin…
Social Hosts are members of the Duke community that are required to be present at all on-campus events where alcohol is present. Social Hosts are sober, active bystanders that assist in promoting safe, social behaviors to ensure that the event ends well for all those attending. What will this workshop cover? Your role as a Social Host. How you can promote safe, social behaviors. How your …
Deliberations process for scale and coin business society to decide which applicants can move on to the final round of the recruitment process
Kitab Connect is a weekly Quran study group that meets every Tuesday from 6:00 to 7:30 PM. The first 30 minutes are dedicated to reading the Quran in Arabic, followed by an hour of group discussion inspired by the reading. Participants include students, faculty, staff, alumni, and community members, creating a rich and diverse environment for learning. Open to all regardless of Arabic reading a…
Get ready for the biggest a cappella event of the semester! This high-energy fall showcase features all seven of Duke’s a cappella groups, each performing 2–3 of their best songs. It’s the perfect introduction for first-year students to experience the talent, variety, and spirit of Duke’s vibrant a cappella community.
Join us at 6:00 pm for a pluralistic Kabbalat Shabbat service, followed by a free, family-style kosher dinner at 7:00pm. RSVP by Friday at noon by texting “SHABBAT” to 984-333-5603. Food is provided and all are welcome to join! (The Freeman Center Cafe will be providing a full kosher meal for all students.)
Join the Duke Catholic Center for Mass each Sunday at 9am or 11am in Goodson Chapel or 8pm in Duke Chapel. Find our full event schedule at catholic.duke.edu.
Join us for Jumu’ah prayer at Duke University, where nearly 100 community members gather for spiritual inspiration. Experience a sense of peace and community during the service, followed by food and fellowship. Come together with fellow Muslims and friends for a meaningful Friday prayer experience.
Join CMA for Seasoned: The Global Ingredients Behind Southern Flavor, a dynamic conversation exploring the cultural roots, global influences, and rich histories that shape Southern cuisine. Part of our Faculty Series, Q1.
Beyond budding friendships, Ignite welcomes students into the abundance of Catholic opportunities on campus, such as small groups, adoration, music ministry, confession, and more. This is an off-campus retreat that requires advanced registration. The retreat is free to first-year students.
Join the Program in American Grand Strategy on August 26 for a fireside chat with former Deputy Secretary of State and Indo-Pacific Coordinator Kurt M. Campbell. Peter Feaver will moderate. Registration is encouraged, though not required. Visit ags.duke.edu to register. Kurt M. Campbell is chairman and co-founder of The Asia Group. He served as Deputy Secretary of State and Indo-Pacific C…
Join the Duke Catholic Center for Mass each Sunday at 9am or 11am in Goodson Chapel or 8pm in Duke Chapel. Find our full event schedule at catholic.duke.edu.