Found 2959 matches
Social Hosts are members of the Duke community that are required to be present at all on-campus events where alcohol is present. Social Hosts are sober, active bystanders that assist in promoting safe, social behaviors to ensure that the event ends well for all those attending. What will this workshop cover? Your role as a Social Host. How you can promote safe, social behaviors. How your …
Kitab Connect is a weekly Quran study group that meets every Tuesday from 6:00 to 7:30 PM. The first 30 minutes are dedicated to reading the Quran in Arabic, followed by an hour of group discussion inspired by the reading. Participants include students, faculty, staff, alumni, and community members, creating a rich and diverse environment for learning. Open to all regardless of Arabic reading a…
Kitab Connect is a weekly Quran study group that meets every Tuesday from 6:00 to 7:30 PM. The first 30 minutes are dedicated to reading the Quran in Arabic, followed by an hour of group discussion inspired by the reading. Participants include students, faculty, staff, alumni, and community members, creating a rich and diverse environment for learning. Open to all regardless of Arabic reading a…
Raised on Muscle Shoals soul and James Brown funk, Nashville-based artist Kenny Sharp delivers a Southern-fried blend of soul, funk, country, blues, and rock. He calls it “Brown Liquor Music”—a sound that’s smooth, punchy, and deeply rooted. A former rapper turned vocalist, Sharp writes with a storyteller’s heart and a musician’s ear. He’s worked with sync teams and studios from L.A. to Mia…
Celebrate the Mass with the Duke Catholic Center during the week! Daily Mass takes place (usually) in Memorial Chapel, inside Duke Chapel. Check our website for the most up to date Mass schedule: catholic.duke.edu.
Drop by to grab a popsicle and chat with your Faculty-in-Residence (FiR), Peer Success Leaders (PSL), and Academic Guide. Event times vary, based on hall location; detailed schedule TBD. Wilson; East Alspaugh; Brown Pegram; Bassett Blackwell; Randolph Gilbert-Addoms Giles; West Southgate Trinity Faculty in Residence: https://undergrad.duke.edu/intellectual-comm…
Join us at 6:00 pm for a pluralistic Kabbalat Shabbat service, followed by a free, family-style kosher dinner at 7:00pm. RSVP by Friday at noon by texting “SHABBAT” to 984-333-5603. Food is provided and all are welcome to join! (The Freeman Center Cafe will be providing a full kosher meal for all students.)
Dambudzo is a live anti-genre work by nora chipaumire, combining sound, painting, sculpture and performance. chipaumire explores the revolutionary potential of performance and confronts colonial legacies in an installation featuring a Zimbabwean shabini – an informal bar set up in private homes where citizens gather to evoke the possibilities of resistance and insurrection in the face of politi…
Celebrate the Mass with the Duke Catholic Center during the week! Daily Mass takes place (usually) in Memorial Chapel, inside Duke Chapel. Check our website for the most up to date Mass schedule: catholic.duke.edu.
Rush event AKPsi
Join the Duke Catholic Center for Mass each Sunday at 9am or 11am in Goodson Chapel or 8pm in Duke Chapel. Find our full event schedule at catholic.duke.edu.
The King’s Singers have set the gold standard in a cappella singing for over 55 years, performing on the world’s most prestigious stages. Celebrated for their flawless technique, versatility, and rich musicality, the group draws on a legacy of innovation—premiering new works, collaborating across genres, and producing an award-winning discography. Their accolades include two Grammy Awards, an E…