Found 2959 matches
Celebrate the Mass with the Duke Catholic Center during the week! Daily Mass takes place (usually) in Memorial Chapel, inside Duke Chapel. Check our website for the most up to date Mass schedule: catholic.duke.edu.
Join the Duke Catholic Center for Mass each Sunday at 9am or 11am in Goodson Chapel or 8pm in Duke Chapel. Find our full event schedule at catholic.duke.edu.
Kitab Connect is a weekly Quran study group that meets every Tuesday from 6:00 to 7:30 PM. The first 30 minutes are dedicated to reading the Quran in Arabic, followed by an hour of group discussion inspired by the reading. Participants include students, faculty, staff, alumni, and community members, creating a rich and diverse environment for learning. Open to all regardless of Arabic reading a…
This site-specific installation by Colombian artist and engineer Miler Lagos is made of cardboard boxes collected on Duke’s campus, stacked and carved to resemble the base of a Ceiba tree—an ancient and sacred symbol in Mesoamerican and Amazonian cultures. By reshaping discarded cardboard to its pre-processed arboreal form, Lagos confronts viewers with the hidden cost of commerce. With the t…
Get ready for the biggest a cappella event of the semester! This high-energy fall showcase features all seven of Duke’s a cappella groups, each performing 2–3 of their best songs. It’s the perfect introduction for first-year students to experience the talent, variety, and spirit of Duke’s vibrant a cappella community.
Weekend rehearsal.
Catered dinner to walk transfer students to campus
Join the Duke Catholic Center for Mass each Sunday at 9am or 11am in Goodson Chapel or 8pm in Duke Chapel. Find our full event schedule at catholic.duke.edu.
Join us for Jumu’ah prayer at Duke University, where nearly 100 community members gather for spiritual inspiration. Experience a sense of peace and community during the service, followed by food and fellowship. Come together with fellow Muslims and friends for a meaningful Friday prayer experience.
Celebrate Mass with the Duke Catholic Center for the Solemnity of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary.
As an extension to our 2025 Summer Transition Series webinar sessions, we are excited to announce immersive, in-person Welcome Events! Welcome Events are designed: For first-year incoming Graduate and Professional students at Duke University. To foster a sense of belonging for graduate and professional students with Duke University in addition to unique academic programs. To facilitat…
Join the Duke Catholic Center for Mass each Sunday at 9am or 11am in Goodson Chapel or 8pm in Duke Chapel. Find our full event schedule at catholic.duke.edu.