Found 2959 matches
Trainings and Educational Opportunities for Duke Faculty & Staff Jewish Life at Duke offers voluntary trainings and educational opportunities throughout the year, including Antisemitism 101 sessions for Duke faculty and staff. To learn more, please contact the JLD staff at jewishlife@duke.edu Workshops take place in the Freeman Center for Jewish Life and are open to any Duke faculty or staff who register in advance, on a first-come, first-served basis. Trainings take place in-person only. We do not currently have a virtual option at this time. Antisemitism 101 Training for Faculty & Staff Antisemitism 101 is an in-person, interactive, in-depth training…
Cohort-Based Learning Opportunities with Jewish Life at Duke Deepen your understanding of Judaism on your own terms while building a community of peers Jewish Life at Duke offers a number of non-credit, cohort-based learning seminars during the fall and spring semesters. These cohorts are open to all students, regardless of background. These various conversational, cohort-based seminars are for those looking to deepen their understanding and connection to Judaism on their own terms. No prior Jewish knowledge is required! When you participate you’ll have the opportunity to ask the big questions – Who am I? What communities am I part of?…
Hillel Global Giving Week 2025 Support Shabbat Programs at Duke This Hillel Global Giving Week, from May 5-9, 2025, support Jewish Life at Duke! Help us reach our ambitious goal of raising $36,000 to fund Shabbat dinners at the Freeman Center for the fall semester! Donate Now About the Campaign Double Your Impact. Strengthen Jewish Life at Duke. From May 5-9, your gift to Jewish Life at Duke empowers students to celebrate their Jewish identity with pride, grow into compassionate leaders, and build lifelong friendships. We’re proud to join Hillels around the world for the 6th annual Hillel Global Giving Week—and…
Hanukkah 2025 with Jewish Life at Duke Virtual Hanukkah Candle Lighting with Jewish Life at Duke and the Duke Jewish Alumni Network with Special Guests Duke President Vincent Price & Men’s Basketball Coach Jon Scheyer Wednesday, December 17, 2025 7:30 pm Eastern Time / 4:30 pm Pacific Time Join Jewish Life at Duke and the Duke Jewish Alumni Network for our annual Hanukkah candle lighting during the Festival of Lights. Duke’s Campus Rabbi and Jewish Chaplain Elana Friedman will be joined by special guests Duke President Vincent E. Price and Duke Men’s Basketball Head Coach (and Duke Jewish alum) Jon Scheyer. Bring your own chanukiyah/menorah and light…
Hillel Global Giving Week 2026 Support the Jewish Future at Duke This Hillel Global Giving Week, from May 4-8, 2026, support Jewish Life at Duke! Help us reach our ambitious goal of raising $36,000 to grow the Jewish Future Endowment Fund! Donate Now About the Campaign Double Your Impact. Strengthen Jewish Life at Duke. From May 4-8, 2026, your gift to Jewish Life at Duke empowers students to celebrate their Jewish identity with pride, grow into compassionate leaders, and build lifelong friendships. We’re proud to join Hillels around the world for the 7th annual Hillel Global Giving Week—and there’s never been…
Shopping Strategies Shop Smart, Shop Fast Balanced Meals in a Snap Ready, Set, Cook Breakfast Coconutty Carrot Cake Oat Bran Creamy Maple Breakfast Teff Easy Breakfast Burrito Golden Apple Oatmeal Overnight Oats Pumpkin Pancakes Scrambled Tofu South Asian Styled Coconut Oats Sweet Grain Breakfast 1-Minute Quiche in a Mug Easy Meals & Snacks Apricot-Nut Turkey Salad Sandwich Bean, Corn, & Turkey Salad Banana Nut Smoothie No-Bake Granola Bars Pumpkin Spice Protein Balls Sesame and Kimchi Crackers Fish Tomato Bruschetta with Tuna & Cannellini Salad Citrus Ginger Glazed Salmon Lemon Basil Pasta & Shrimp Penne with Tuna & Fresh Tomato Sauce…
SASRO Workflows The Student Affairs Staff Resource Office manages the following process via Kuali forms: Salary Quote Requests Used For: Obtaining a starting salary quote for identified finalists whom you are considering for an offer of employment. Student Affairs Staff Hires Used For: To begin the offer/hiring process for an identified candidate to a vacant position. Student Affairs Staff Terminations Form Used For: To notify the appropriate offices of an upcoming staff departure from your team. Requests to Open a Requisition Used For: To Request to open a budgeted vacant position in your department. (Please ensure you have approval from…
Cooking Classes
Lunch Pop-Up:The Chef’s Kitchen offers a new culinary experience every few weeks and is open for lunch Monday-Friday from 11 a.m. – 3 p.m. during fall and spring semesters. Currently Offering: Don’s Classic Subs Now popping up in The Chef’s Kitchen: Don’s Classic Subs! Choose from classic menu favorites or build your own sub or bowl with fresh ingredients and bold flavors! Served with your choice of chips or fries. Cooking Classes: Get Cooking:Offered fall semester.*Only students that have not taken this class will be admitted to allow for new attendees.Get Cooking is a culinary essentials cooking that provides the hands-on…
NetNutrition NetNutrition is an online tool that can assist you in meeting your nutritional goals when dining on campus at Duke Dining locations. NetNutrition will help you to: Confirm the nutritional content of your food choices. Identify and select well-balanced meals. Identify possible allergens and food intolerances. Select preferences for specific types of diets such as vegetarian or vegan. Access NetNutrition here! Allergen Policy Duke Dining Food Allergen Policy Our goal is to provide guests with a safe, enjoyable, and inclusive dining experience to the best of our ability. Duke Dining is committed to keeping guests with food allergies and…
Frequently Used Resources Training & Guides Administrative Systems Step By Step Instructions Concur Quick Reference Guides Expense Management Travel & Reimbursement Related Policies Expense Reports – General Guidelines and Procedures Non-Allowable Travel Expenses Receipts & Documentation Financial Training Reference Material Fringe Rates General Ledger Accounts GL Search Academic Calendar Assigned JV Numbers Accounts Payable Representatives Payroll Schedules Systems Work @ Duke Duke Internal Directory Box Duke Hub Duke Departments Duke Finance Human Resources Student Employment
Student Affairs Town Hall Archive Need to catch up on what happened at Town Hall? Use the links below to review the covered content. February 3, 2026 October 30, 2025