Found 2959 matches
Register using the MyRec Portal: https://myrec.recreation.duke.edu/IMLeague
Weekend rehearsal.
Dubbed “the Hip-Hop Polymath” by The Washington Post, Dior Ashley Brown is an award-winning emcee, actor, poet, and activist whose work fuses music, politics, and performance. She’s opened for artists from Esperanza Spalding to the Wu-Tang Clan, and even shared stages with Yo-Yo Ma. A Recording Academy member and powerhouse in the D.C. arts scene, Brown is driven by a deep belief in the po…
Celebrate the Mass with the Duke Catholic Center during the week! Daily Mass takes place (usually) in Memorial Chapel, inside Duke Chapel. Check our website for the most up to date Mass schedule: catholic.duke.edu.
Set your compass for adventure and drop anchor at Sail into Discovery, a lively fair where you’ll uncover the treasure trove of hands-on learning and research opportunities available throughout your undergraduate voyage. Whether you’re curious about research, study away, internships, community engagement, or making meaningful faculty connections, this is the place to start chartin’ your course….
Celebrate the Mass with the Duke Catholic Center during the week! Daily Mass takes place (usually) in Memorial Chapel, inside Duke Chapel. Check our website for the most up to date Mass schedule: catholic.duke.edu.
An Open House showcasing academic resources available for students as they navigate their Duke journeys. Come get a printed tote bag and enjoy Italian ice and ice-cream! For additional ACADEMIC RESOURCES WEEK events, see https://duke.campusgroups.com/events?topic_tags=14299173 Ahoy, Class of 2029 – the Academic Resource Week Treasure Hunt awaits! Discover Duke’s hidden academic gems …
Join us at 6:00 pm for a pluralistic Kabbalat Shabbat service, followed by a free, family-style kosher dinner at 7:00pm. RSVP by Friday at noon by texting “SHABBAT” to 984-333-5603. Food is provided and all are welcome to join! (The Freeman Center Cafe will be providing a full kosher meal for all students.)
Join the Duke Catholic Center for Mass each Sunday at 9am or 11am in Goodson Chapel or 8pm in Duke Chapel. Find our full event schedule at catholic.duke.edu.
Join the Duke Catholic Center for Mass each Sunday at 9am or 11am in Goodson Chapel or 8pm in Duke Chapel. Find our full event schedule at catholic.duke.edu.
We encourage you to join us for our monthly bagel brunch at the Freeman Center for Jewish Life! Come socialize with familiar faces while we nosh on a delicious kosher brunch. All are invited to join.
Texas-born and Nashville-based artist Denitia has spent years remapping country music. Her sound drifts between Nashville roots and Brooklyn edge—acoustic guitar and pedal steel woven with shimmer, soul, and restraint. Stereogum praised her 2022 album Highways as “deeply tuneful, light on its feet, and shot through with melancholy.” Her latest release, Sunset Drive, deepens that vision—par…