Found 2959 matches
Come learn about First Generation Investors! It is an opportunity to teach personal finance in Durham Public Schools.
In this provocative interactive performance, Avital Meshi invites audience members into conversation: “would you like to speak with me, or with GPT-ME?” After months of wearing a GPT device, Meshi has made herself into a hybrid AI-human entity. When speaking as the GPT version of herself, Meshi voices conversational responses generated into her ear in real time. “In essence, I speak GPT. Rat…
Celebrate the Mass with the Duke Catholic Center during the week! Daily Mass takes place (usually) in Memorial Chapel, inside Duke Chapel. Check our website for the most up to date Mass schedule: catholic.duke.edu.
Weekend rehearsal.
Deliberations process for scale and coin business society to decide which applicants can move on to the final round of the recruitment process
Celebrate the Mass with the Duke Catholic Center during the week! Daily Mass takes place (usually) in Memorial Chapel, inside Duke Chapel. Check our website for the most up to date Mass schedule: catholic.duke.edu.
Join the Duke Catholic Center for Mass each Sunday at 9am or 11am in Goodson Chapel or 8pm in Duke Chapel. Find our full event schedule at catholic.duke.edu.
Don’t miss the picture of the year. All are welcome to meet us at the chapel stairs for the First Day of Class annual group picture. As the date approaches we will announce the picture time.
Join us at 6:00 pm for a pluralistic Kabbalat Shabbat service, followed by a free, family-style kosher dinner at 7:00pm. RSVP by Friday at noon by texting “SHABBAT” to 984-333-5603. Food is provided and all are welcome to join! (The Freeman Center Cafe will be providing a full kosher meal for all students.)
Former Secret Service Special Agent and Interrogator, NBC News Analyst, Co-host of the Bravo TV series, Spy Games Evy Poumpouras is presenting to Duke students on September 16th. This will be a fireside chat from 7-8pm.
In this provocative interactive performance, Avital Meshi invites audience members into conversation: “would you like to speak with me, or with GPT-ME?” After months of wearing a GPT device, Meshi has made herself into a hybrid AI-human entity. When speaking as the GPT version of herself, Meshi voices conversational responses generated into her ear in real time. “In essence, I speak GPT. Rat…
Rush event AKPsi