Found 2959 matches
Adding Pronouns in DukeHub With the December 2020 implementation of DukeHub 2.0, all undergraduate and graduate students may select or enter their pronouns which will then be visible on class rosters and profiles available to advisor. This is one important step, among many, towards the realization of an affirming campus for transgender and non-binary students. Below you will find a tutorial for how to enter your pronouns. Step 1: Log into DukeHub. Step 2: Click on ‘My Profile’ in the left-hand navigation bar. Step 3: Your gender pronouns will be displayed under the Biographical Info section. Step 4: When you…
Tips for Finding a Roommate Finding a roommate Before you sign a lease with a roommate Finding a roommate: Many students find roommates at Duke through their program or school. Programs often create group chats or channels for incoming students to connect with each other and find/post for roommates. The Duke Off Campus Housing Website has a Roommate Finder to connect with other students and find your perfect match. Duke Roommate Finder Make sure you meet with your potential roommate in person or video chat if meeting in person is not an option. Questions to ask a roommate before you…
Originally from Pennsylvania, Rachel earned an undergraduate degree in education with a minor in psychology and went on to teach in the public school system. After completing a combined M.S./Ed.S. program in Counseling and Human Systems, she worked for more than six years at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, helping military service members navigate their career transitions. Rachel is National Certified CounselorTM (NCC®) through the National Board for Certified Counselors as well as Licensed Clinical Mental Health Counselor Associate (LCMHCA) in the state of North Carolina. She is currently pursuing her Ph.D. in Counseling and Counselor Education through NC State…
We’re so glad you’re here! Check out all the resources available for you to get off to a great start. Sign Up For Benefits Don’t forget that you have 30 days from your start date to set your benefits! Click below to learn more. Duke Benefits Enrollment New Staff Resources New Hire Checklist Tasks to get started as Student Affairs staff 1st 90 Days (COMING SOON) Make your trial period a success Getting Paid & Time Away Time cards, pay dates, holidays, & more Making Connections Ways to meet your colleagues Communicating With Division Staff *We’re Updating This Page to…
In 2022, Lauren Coury joined the Duke Career Center as a Career Advisor for the Data, Technology, and Engineering Career Community with past experience in academic advising, strategic planning, and customer service. In her role, she guides students in their career development process through industry-specific advising. She connects students to resources and mentors that center on each student’s personal experience and encourage exploration and self-authorship. Originally from Richmond, Virginia, Lauren earned her B.A. in Political Science with a minor in Environmental Studies from Furman University. After initially pursuing a degree in law, she decided to pivot her career path and…
Safety Before signing a lease, it’s important to evaluate the safety of where you’d like to live. Like any city, Durham is not immune from crime. Take the time to understand your neighborhood and learn ways to keep yourself safe. Safety Resources Community Crime Map: Search crime statistics in your area by entering your potential address into the map. Duke Police Department recommends focusing on crimes like larceny and burglary. LiveSafe:Be sure to download Duke’s safety app, LiveSafe. DukeALERT: Make sure you’re signed up for Duke’s emergency notification system, DukeALERT. Questions to ask apartment staff: Are staff present on-site? What…
At Duke Dining, we believe sustainability is holistic. From procurement to disposal, all stages of the sustainability journey are equally important. Duke Dining recognizes that the modern food system often pursues efficiencies and profit at the expense of environmental health, community well-being, and fair economic relationships. Faced with this reality, we eagerly take on the role of potential catalyst in this system. We believe being “sustainable” means operating deliberately—being intentional and thoughtful in how we feed the Duke community. Education and engagement are essential parts of our operational strategy and sustainability success. In short, sustainability—operating deliberately—isn’t optional for Duke Dining;…
Cameo Hartz is a Career Coach / Assistant Director of Career Services for Duke’s Professional Masters Programs. In this role, she offers individual meetings and chats; creates media and training; and facilitates community to support student and alumni success in the job and internship search. She has been involved in Career Services work at Duke University since 2007. Cameo received her bachelor’s degree in Anthropology from the University of Rochester, a master’s degree in College Student Personnel from Bowling Green State University, and holds an ACC credential with the International Coaching Federation. Before Duke, she advised and educated students at…
*All housing process timelines are tentative and may be changed at the discretion of the Housing Assignments Office. These dates are subject to reasonable changes and each resident agrees to abide by such changes. Notification of changes to these dates is generally made by email to the resident’s University email account. August 2025 – July 2026 added May 2, 2025 August 2025 *All housing process timelines are tentative and may be changed at the discretion of the Housing Assignments Office. Thursday, 8/8: Summer Session II classes end. Saturday, 8/9, through Monday, 8/11: Summer Term II final exams. Tuesday, 8/12: Summer…
I work in the careers space with Engineering Master’s students at Duke University. The favorite part of my role is the opportunity to boost confidence and discourage doubt in students each day. When I’m not coaching students and alums on their job or internship search process, I loves to consume books on Reese’s Book Club List, test vegan recipes, and explore new parks with family.
SUSTAINABLE PROCUREMENT STANDARDS Where and how we source our food matters. Duke Dining has identified clear, ranked priorities for the food it prefers to purchase whenever possible. Duke Dining uses the standards below to define sustainable food. These standards describe where and how different foods are produced, and they help guide Duke Dining on what to consider when making policy and procurement decisions. Local Duke Dining prefers to purchase food that is grown, raised, and/or processed locally in order to support local economies, especially small and mid-sized farms and companies, and to minimize transport, especially of fresh fruit and vegetables….
Shopping for Groceries Your guide to local grocers. Click through the tabs below for different categories of grocery options in Durham. $: Least expensive$$: Medium expensive$$$: Most expensive *Requires car or public transit to access General International Other General grocery stores Food Lion $ Harris Teeter $$ Hillsborough Road location is closest to campus Students receive a 5% discount on all groceries. Learn more. Whole Foods Organic Supermarket $$$ Closest grocery store to campus Specialty Grocery Stores General International Compare Foods* $ Food World* $ Middle Eastern Taiba Market Halal Market (Halal) European Gugulhupf Café, Bakery, and Biergarten (German)…