Found 2959 matches
Student Affairs Commitment to Inclusive Excellence More information about the Division’s Approach and Commitment to Inclusive Excellence Coming Soon Employee Resource Groups All Student Affairs employees are welcome to participate, support, and learn as a part of any of our ERGs. Student Affairs offers groups with a common identity within the division and across the university to promote a sense of belonging, support, mentorship, networking, professional development, and resource sharing. Incident Reporting Reporting resources available to employees if you witness or become aware of student, faculty, or staff behaviors perceived to be inconsistent with the Duke Community Standard, Divisional or…
Welcome to Duke! From the moment you say “yes” to attending Duke University, New Student and Family Programs is a resource to help students and families transition to campus successfully. Our office remains in communication with students in a number of critical ways: The Blue Book Summer Transition Series Weekly Digests for First-Year and Transfer students Social Media From Experiential Orientation projects, packing lists, move-in day details, and much more, you will find the information you need here to ensure a smooth transition to Duke. Now what? Congratulations on your acceptance to Duke University! Regardless of when folks are admitted, Early Decision or…
Duke prides itself in having opportunities for Graduate and Professional students to engage with their community. Duke University has hundreds of opportunities for engagement; we encourage all students to get involved during your time at Duke! Traditions and Community Graduate ProfessionalStudent Government (GPSG) Student Organizations Partners and Families Connect across the Duke community Whether in the classroom, in the lab, or in the community, Duke’s vibrant culture would not be the same without our graduate and professional students. Each year we are delighted to engage with graduate and professional students during annual events for the entire community. Long-standing traditions include…
Durham Neighborhoods Below is a list of neighborhoods that are closest to campus where a number of Duke students live. Neighborhoods with an asterisk denote proximity to a Duke bus line. *If you will not have a car in Durham, we recommend living close to a Duke bus line.* There are certainly many more great neighborhoods in the City of Durham than are listed here, and many students also choose to live in nearby towns such as Chapel Hill, Carrboro, Cary, Apex, Morrisville, or the city of Raleigh. NearDukeGuide also has great resources on neighborhoods. Especially if you won’t have…
Lancaster Commons Lancaster Commons is a subsidized off campus apartment complex reserved for masters level students who have demonstrated significant financial need. Located approximately 2.6 miles from Duke’s West Campus on 2709 Western Bypass, this apartment community is ideal for first year Masters level students and masters students with families. IMPORTANT: We cannot accommodate postdocs, short term, or visiting scholars. Featuring unfurnished 1-, 2-, and 3-bedroom units. Priority applications for masters students who are new to Durham, NC and demonstrate significant financial need. All appliances are included in the apartment: stove, oven, refrigerator, dishwasher, microwave, and washer/dryer. Utilities such as water, electricity, and high speed…
Durham Ordinances and Policies See below for the most important ordinances students need to know. Noise Trash Outdoor Maintenance Durham’s noise ordinance applies 24/7 and becomes stricter after 11pm: Before 11pm the noise level is 60 decibels, or the volume of 2 adults having a “normal” conversation. Students sometimes misunderstand and think the noise ordinance does not start until 11pm; a 60 dB sound limit before 11pm is still very quiet. After 11pm, the noise level is 50 decibels, or the volume of 2 adults having a “quiet” conversation. A good rule of thumb is if you’re neighbors can hear…
Grace (she/her) spearheads parent and family initiatives including Family Weekend, advises Experiential Orientation Projects, and supports strategic planning for the First-Year Experience. Grace earned a B.S. in Mathematics and a B.A. in Religious Studies from Guilford College in Greensboro, NC. After graduating, Grace worked as an admission counselor at her alma mater before going on to pursue her M.Ed in Higher Education Administration & Student Affairs at the University of South Carolina. In her free time, Grace can be found spending time with her husband and son, exploring local trails, playing board games, or watching lacrosse.
What is the Good Neighbor Program? The Duke Good Neighbor Program is Duke’s initiative to help students orient to life off campus by educating them about what it means to live in a residential neighborhood. We begin with “knock and talk” canvassing outreach of the near-campus neighborhoods in August and have periodic touchpoints throughout the year. What are the core beliefs of the Good Neighbor Program? We believe that living off campus is an important learning experience for students. We believe that it is our responsibility as a university to support students in learning what it means to be responsible…
FAQs Coming Soon! If you have an immediate question, please email studentaffairs@duke.edu.