Jewish Life at Duke Professional Staff
Joyce Gordon
Director
Email: joyce.gordon@duke.edu
Phone: 919-681-2911
Joyce Gordon (she/her/hers) joined us as Director for Jewish Life in July of 2018.
As director, Joyce oversees all aspects of the Freeman Center and JLD’s work across campus. She sets the strategy for Jewish Life at Duke, cultivates alumni and parent partnerships through the advisory board, and manages our organizational operations. Joyce also serves on university searches and committees.
In every aspect of her role, Joyce’s primary focus is Duke's bright, curious, and kind students. She loves connecting with students at this formative time in their lives and serving a resource for them as they explore Jewish life and community.
Previously, Joyce served for eight years as the Executive Director of Judea Reform Congregation, a 600+ family Reform synagogue in Durham, and also held roles at Meals on Wheels Durham, Spoonflower, and Duke University Medical Center and Alumni Affairs. Joyce has a breadth of experience in everything from Jewish program development, fundraising, and financial management to mishloach manot stuffing, envelope stuffing, and matzoh and mushroom stuffing.
Joyce received her Master’s in Public Administration from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and her Bachelor of Arts in English from Rice University. She lives in Durham with her husband and her two children, and enjoys reading, quilting, and board games with family and friends.
Students can schedule to meet with Joyce.
Rabbi Elana Friedman
Campus Rabbi and Jewish Chaplain
Email: elana.friedman@duke.edu
Phone: 919-684-3138
Rabbi Elana Friedman (she/her/hers) is the Campus Rabbi and Jewish Chaplain for Jewish Life at Duke. Since she came to Duke in 2015, Rabbi Elana has found deep meaning in working with Duke’s students: “I love being part of students' journeys, and walking that walk with them; both asking and contemplating the big questions in life.”
At Duke University, Rabbi Elana, as she's known on campus, serves as chief Jewish educator and spiritual leader of the campus Jewish community. In her role as Campus Rabbi, she provides counseling for students, offers opportunities for Jewish learning, and serves as liaison for Religious Life, which includes convening the Interfaith Round Table of fellow Duke chaplains. She facilitates the observance of Jewish holidays, supervises the kashrut of the Freeman Center Cafe's kosher kitchen, and holds duties related to educating the greater campus community about Judaism, Jewish observances, and challenges facing the Jewish community, including antisemitism. Rabbi Elana was recognized as the staff recipient of the 2023 Algernon Sydney Sullivan Award, awarded by the Duke University Provost. This annual award of Duke University recognizes members of the Duke community who have demonstrated generosity of character, placing service to others before self-interest.
In 2024, Hillel International, the largest Jewish campus organization in the world, honored Rabbi Elana Friedman with Richard M. Joel Exemplar of Excellence Award, which honors professionals in various stages of their careers whose remarkable passion and outstanding devotion to the Jewish campus community sets a standard for all to emulate.
Fun Fact: Rabbi Elana also hosts a weekly Duke Radio Show, Music & Spirituality, that airs during the school year on alternating Mondays from 4-5pm EST on WXDU 88.7FM, sharing her love of music with the Duke community. Watch this Working@Duke video highlighting her show.
Rabbi Elana was ordained at the Reconstructionist Rabbinical College where she earned a Master of Arts in Hebrew Letters, receiving the Rabbi Kenneth and Aviva Berger Memorial Prize in Practical Rabbinics. She brings rich rabbinical experience to her role here at Duke. Her previous roles included serving as a Cooperberg-Rittmaster Rabbinical Intern at Congregation Beit Simchat Torah in New York City, interning at Hillel at Temple University, mentoring at a teen interfaith program in Philadelphia, serving as a Text Fellow for the Transformative Text Project, working as a Rabbinical Student Fellow for T'ruah: The Rabbinic Call for Human Rights during her year of study in Israel, interning at the Abramson Senior Center, serving at The Reconstructionist Synagogue of the North Shore on Long Island, working at Rosh Eidah, and serving as Education Director at Camp Havayah.
A Long Island native, Rabbi Elana attended Solomon Schechter Day School and Camp Ramah. She earned her B.A. in Environmental Studies from Washington University in St. Louis. Prior to pursuing the rabbinate, she worked on election and environmental campaigns in Boston, Atlanta, and Los Angeles.
Rabbi Elana lives in Durham with her wife, Jamie, and their son, Shai. She hopes you will stop by the Freeman Center or schedule a coffee chat so she can get to know you better!
Students can schedule time to meet with Rabbi Elana.
Aviv Sheetrit
Associate Director, External Relations
Phone: 919-684-1949
Email: aviv.sheetrit@duke.edu
Aviv Sheetrit (she/her/hers) serves as Associate Director for External Relations, working behind the scenes to engage donors, alumni, and friends of Jewish Life at Duke. Aviv oversees JLD’s fundraising efforts, communications strategy, and alumni engagement programs, partnering with passionate alumni and parents. She loves seeing the impact made possible by supporters when students reflect about finding their community at JLD, the transformative experiences they had, or the lifelong friends and mentors they made. She also loves taste-testing the rotating Weekly Special at the Freeman Center Café!
Aviv was born in Jerusalem, Israel but has spent most of her life in North Carolina. She earned her degree from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Previously, Aviv served as the Development Manager for Judea Reform Congregation, a Reform synagogue in Durham. She has also held roles at Marbles Kids Museum and the Office of New Student & Family Programs at UNC-Chapel Hill.
In her free time, Aviv enjoys making pottery, watching a Broadway show at the Durham Performing Arts Center, hiking, and reading. She is always looking for new book recommendations!
Dani Faulhaber
Springboard Innovation Fellow
Email: dani.faulhaber@duke.edu
Phone: 919-684-6609
Dani Faulhaber (she/her/hers) joined Jewish Life at Duke in July 2025 as the Springboard Innovation Fellow. The Springboard Fellow program of Hillel International is a two-year fellowship that brings talented new graduates to campus Hillels throughout the country to build thriving student communities on campus.
As a Springboard Innovation Fellow, Dani works directly with undergraduate and graduate/professional students to enhance their engagement with Jewish Life at Duke and strengthen the student community. She serves as an advisor to student groups including Challah for Hunger and the Coalition for Preserving Memory, and co-facilitates the Jewish Learning Fellowship. Additionally, Dani coordinates signature programs of Jewish Life at Duke, develops new programs and initiatives alongside our engagement team and student leadership, meets one-on-one with students, and collaborates with colleagues across Student Affairs and other areas.
Originally from Alpharetta, Georgia, Dani graduated from the College of Charleston, where she received a B.A. in Arts Management and minored in Jewish Studies and Film Studies. She was a Program Intern and Communications Intern for Charleston Hillel, where she planned, executed, and promoted events. She has been a Bunk Counselor and Unit Programmer for URJ Camp Coleman, and was a Tour Guide for her campus community at the College of Charleston. In her free time, you can find Dani practicing yoga, trying new restaurants, watching movies, and exploring art museums.
Orel Peretz
Heyman Winter Israel Fellow
Email: orel.peretz@duke.edu
Phone: 919-684-6609
Orel Peretz (she/her/hers) is the Heyman Winter Israel Fellow at Duke University. As Israel Fellow, Orel hosts Israel-themed events, advises our Israel-focused student groups, travels with students to Israel on our annual Birthright Israel trip, and provides educational and social opportunities to engage with Israel.
At the Freeman Center and across campus, Orel helps students explore their connection to and relationship with Israel's people, places, and culture. She hosts Café Ivrit, a space for students to learn about Israeli culture and practice Hebrew together. She oversees the Israel Gap Year program and the Jewish Learning Fellowship: Kol Yisrael educational cohort seminar, and hosts wide-ranging events exploring Israeli people, culture, and politics.
Orel is from Herzliya, Israel and studied Public Policy, Government and Law at The Academic Center for Law and Science in Israel. She served as an assistant producer in the Eurovision headquarters in 2019. She comes to Duke from The Center of Innovation in Education at Beit Berl College. In her free time, she loves extreme sports, traveling, reading, live music, and watching soccer games.
Renée Kiernan
Staff Assistant
Email: renee.kiernan@duke.edu
Phone: 919-684-6422
Renee Kiernan (she/her/hers) brings a wealth of experience in student support, advocacy, and community engagement to her role as Staff Assistant at Jewish Life at Duke. With a dynamic background in higher education and nonprofit leadership, Renee has dedicated her career to fostering inclusive environments where students and families can thrive.
Before joining Duke, Renee served at the University of Nebraska in Student Legal Services, where she worked closely with students, ensuring they had access to critical resources and support. Her commitment to advocacy extended beyond campus as she collaborated with the Nebraska Parent and Responder Partnership, helping to bridge gaps between families, educators, and service providers.
Renee’s passion for education and inclusion led her to serve on the Special Education Advisory Council for the State of Nebraska, where she played a key role in shaping policies that improved access to services for students with disabilities. Additionally, her leadership with the Autism Society of Nebraska showcased her dedication to empowering individuals and families affected by autism, spearheading initiatives that fostered awareness, support, and community engagement.
At Jewish Life at Duke, Renee’s extensive background in student services, policy advocacy, and organizational leadership will enhance the department’s ability to create a warm, welcoming, and resourceful space for students. Her ability to blend advocacy with administrative excellence and her deep commitment to student success will help strengthen the mission of Jewish Life at Duke for all who engage with the program.
Contact Us
Physical Address:
The Freeman Center for Jewish Life
Box 90936
1415 Faber St
Durham, NC 27708
Mailing Address for Donations:
Jewish Life at Duke
Alumni & Development Records
Duke University
Box 90581
Durham, NC 27708
E-mail: jewishlife@duke.edu
Phone: (919) 684-6422
Fax: (919) 684-6451