Duke launches new climate-focused fellowship program with $10.45 million gift
Duke University has received $10.45 million in the form of a new award and donor pledges to launch a one-of-a-kind, climate-focused program for postdoctoral fellows.
The program is made possible by the collective effort of The Duke Endowment, which contributed $5 million, and Duke donors Julie ‘81 and Ritson ‘81 Ferguson and Mark ‘80 and Lynne Florian, who contributed $3.2 million and $2.25 million, respectively.
Scholars for Climate and Advanced Leadership in Environment and Sustainability, or SCALES for short, will recruit outstanding early-career scholars to Duke to advance breakthroughs in climate challenges through research partnerships across Duke’s 10 schools.
Recognizing that advancing innovative climate solutions requires a commitment to interdisciplinary research, the new program will feature cohorts of postdoctoral fellows working with faculty, graduate students, and undergraduate students in areas where Duke has identified the greatest potential to make a difference at the intersections of climate and topics including oceans, health, finance and policy, community resilience, environmental justice and science and technology.
“This investment from The Duke Endowment and the Ferguson and Florian families will allow Duke to recruit and support promising early-career scholars who are eager to work across the disciplines to develop climate solutions,” said President Vincent E. Price. “This program will accelerate the type of interdisciplinary collaboration that leads to groundbreaking ideas and lasting impact in the world.”
The program builds on the momentum of the Duke Climate Commitment, launched in 2022 to bolster the university’s education, operations, external engagement, community partnership, and research sectors to create a more resilient world for all.
“Since its launch, Duke has made significant progress in achieving carbon neutrality, invested millions in new research, and increased our climate-focused academic offerings and leadership across disciplines,” said Alec D. Gallimore, provost and chief academic officer. “I am thrilled that our donors are putting their bets on Duke to continue to lead in this important work by expanding support for early-career scholars who are among the brightest working in the climate space.”
Producing high-quality and high-impact work in support of climate, environment and sustainability solutions, the SCALES program will become a new model for climate postdoctoral fellows at Duke, said Toddi Steelman, vice president and vice provost for climate and sustainability and the new program’s leader.
“Research is a key activity of the Climate Commitment, and postdoctoral fellows are a driving force,” Steelman said. “A world that proactively addresses the climate challenge by investing in talent and solutions will be a healthier, safer, more resilient and more prosperous world. This new program invests in our existing faculty and emerging scholars to create the world we need in the face of climate change.”
Collectively, the $10.45 million in philanthropic support from The Duke Endowment and the Ferguson and Florian families will provide salaries, research funds, and professional development opportunities for the fellows as they teach courses and lead team-based projects that align with Duke Climate Commitment priorities.
“This is only the beginning of what Duke can do through the SCALES program,” said Mark Florian. “My wife Lynne and I are thrilled to be part of the inaugural fellows program because we know that Duke is a unique place where collaboration and innovation are multiplied at every turn. A more sustainable world? Duke reduces the barriers to getting there.”
Steelman, along with Ed Balleisen, senior vice provost for interdisciplinary programs and initiatives, and Suzanne Barbour, dean of Duke Graduate School and vice provost for graduate education, will form an advisory group overseeing and advising on the design and execution of the new program.
“With the investment of Duke leadership across so many areas of research, we felt confident in adding our support to the climate fellows postdoctoral program — and we want other donors to join us,” said donor and alumna Julie Ferguson. “As alumni and Duke parents, my husband Ritson and I know where the Duke approach can lead—unique partnerships across sectors, breakthrough solutions, creative outcomes for a world that needs climate answers now.”
Charles C. Lucas III, chair of The Duke Endowment Board of Trustees, said The Duke Endowment is pleased to support the inaugural class of fellows and to invest in Duke’s continued commitment to shaping climate leaders and solutions.
“SCALES will be a catalytic program, creating a pipeline of highly-trained climate leaders who will contribute to a wide range of fields in their future careers.” Lucas said. “We are proud to support these efforts.”
Based in Charlotte and established in 1924 by industrialist and philanthropist James B. Duke, The Duke Endowment is a private foundation that strengthens communities in North Carolina and South Carolina by nurturing children, promoting health, educating minds and enriching spirits. Since its founding, it has distributed more than $5 billion in grants. The Endowment shares a name with Duke University and Duke Energy, but all are separate organizations.