Found 2959 matches
Time Away empowers undergraduate students to take time off when they feel it is necessary to align their personal and academic paths, enables them to seek time away with minimal administrative burden, and provides connection and support to facilitate a successful return. What is the Time Away Office? The mission of Duke’s Time Away Office is to guide undergraduate students throughout the leave and return process. The Time Away Office works closely with offices across Duke, including Trinity Academic Deans and Pratt Academic Deans , Duke Reach, Counseling and Psychological Services, the Student Disability and Access Office and many other offices across campus. Our goal is to work…
300 Swift Apartments 300 Swift is an apartment complex located close to main campus and is considered “on campus” housing. Swift offers 2-bedroom, 2-person, fully furnished apartments for any graduate students (including PhD students) This building is comprised of graduate and professional student apartments and undergraduate student apartments. Graduate and professional students and undergraduate students will not be assigned to live together in 300 Swift. IMPORTANT: We cannot accommodate postdocs, short-term, or visiting scholars. Featuring furnished 2-bedroom apartments All 300 Swift graduate apartments are two-person occupancy. Each resident has their own private bedroom and bathroom, and shares the living room and…
Be sure to review the information below regarding housing for the 2026 – 2027 academic year. Keep checking back for more information! Please note: All housing process timelines are tentative and may be changed at the discretion of the Housing Assignments Office. 2026 – 2027 Housing Application The housing application will reopen in early June for any students who did not apply in February. Housing Portal Application Process Information Blocks *New Guidelines for 26-27 Process* Blocking provides students the option to select a preferred roommate – as well as a larger group of friends whom they’d like to live near….
West Campus Map Swift Campus Map Quad Floor Plans 300 Swift Quad Info Floor Plan 301 Swift Quad Info Floor Plan Blue Light Quad Info Floor Plan Craven Quad Info Floor Plan Crowell Quad Info Floor Plan Edens Quad Info Floor plans: Edens 1A Edens 1B Edens 1C Edens 2A Edens 2C Edens 3A Edens 3B Few Quad Info Floor Plan Hollows Quad Info Floor Plans: Please note that these are large files and may take a few moments to open. You may want to download and open in Adobe Acrobat. Hollows A Hollows B Keohane Quad Info Floor Plans:…
Summer Housing Application The housing application for Summer 2026 is now open! click to apply Duke offers two distinct summer options for undergraduate students: Duke Summer Session and Duke Summer Experiences. Each program offers unique opportunities for undergraduate students. On-campus housing is available for both options. PLEASE NOTE: Students are NOT required to live on campus if enrolled in summer courses or summer experiences. Summer Session Information Summer Housing Rates Summer housing is for students who need housing during the summer session (May 12 – August 11). Applications will be approved for the following reasons: Enrolled in Summer Session 1…
All first-year students begin their Duke journey on East Campus. On East Campus, students will have many opportunities to build lasting friendships with classmates, become a leader within their residential community, and have the support of many university staff as they begin their college career. Assignments Incoming first-year students are randomly assigned to rooms and to roommates. Housing Assignments uses the information provided on the first-year housing application to make roommate assignments. While no one can guarantee a “perfect roommate” assignment, we have found that the lifestyle questions asked on the application provide a starting point from which students can…
Spring 2026 Application The application will go live Wednesday, October 1, 2025 Apply Here General Housing Information Rates/License and Terms 2025-2026 Undergraduate Housing Rates The rates shown below are per student. Single RoomSemester: $7,206Academic Year: $14,412 Double RoomSemester: $5,455Academic Year: $10,910 Apartment Private Bedroom:Semester: $8,958Academic Year: $17,916 Apartment Shared Bedroom:Semester: $7,206Academic Year: $14,412 Please note that there are single (private bedroom) and double bedroom (shared bedroom) occupancy options in Blue Light and Hollows. Returning to Duke Students returning to Duke after a leave of absence of any kind remain subject to the Board of Trustees policy requiring all Duke undergraduate…
All New-to-Duke students begin their Duke journey on West Campus or Swift Campus, where they have many opportunities to intentionally make new connections and friendships, become leaders within their residential communities, and receive support from dedicated university staff as they transition into life at Duke. Throughout your career at Duke, students can engage in community leadership opportunities, connect with peers through Resident Assistant-led activities, and participate in building-wide and campus-wide events and programs designed to foster belonging and engagement. At Duke, we believe in blurring the lines between curricular and co-curricular experiences. Academic advisors and faculty are closely connected to…
Israel Engagement Providing students with engagement and learning opportunities Israel programs and initiatives connect Duke students with Israel both on campus and abroad. All students are welcome to participate. Our approach to Israel is framed through the following three Es: Education: Programs that focus on teaching students about the diverse aspects of Israel — not just the geopolitical conflict, but also its people, culture, society, and language. Experience: Travel to Israel for firsthand experience of the country. Engagement: One-on-one coffee conversations and meetings with the Israel Fellow to explore personal connection to and views on Israel in order to help students…
Duke alumnus Ari Ackerman (‘93) recognized by university for service and leadership to Jewish community Duke alumnus Ari Ackerman (‘93) recognized by university for service and leadership to Jewish community Duke alumnus Ari Ackerman (‘93) recognized by university for service and leadership to Jewish community Duke alumnus Ari Ackerman (‘93) recognized by university for service and leadership to Jewish community Wearing Judaism on His Sleeve Duke alumnus Ari Ackerman ‘93 recognized by university for service and leadership to Jewish community Jewish Life at Duke is proud to celebrate Ari Ackerman (‘93) as a recipient of the 2022 Beyond Duke Service…
Jewish Life at Duke Professional Staff Meet the professionals that are here to help our students find meaning, connection, and joy! Joyce Gordon Director Email: joyce.gordon@duke.edu Phone: 919-681-2911 Joyce Gordon (she/her/hers) joined us as Director for Jewish Life in July of 2018. As director, Joyce oversees all aspects of the Freeman Center and JLD’s work across campus. She sets the strategy for Jewish Life at Duke, cultivates alumni and parent partnerships through the advisory board, and manages our organizational operations. Joyce also serves on university searches and committees. In every aspect of her role, Joyce’s primary focus is Duke’s bright,…
Residence Life Leader Positions Position Descriptions Resident Assistant (RA) Resident Assistants (RAs) are undergraduate and graduate students who plan programs, serve on-call in their areas, and support residents in our East Campus and West Campus residential communities. Functional Program Assistants (FPA) Functional Program Assistants (FPAs) are graduate student leaders who focus on a particular functional area within the Residence Life department rather than working within a particular residential community like other Program Assistants. The FPA positions include Student Leadership, Recruitment and Selection, Learning and Development, and First Year Programming. FPAs serve within the graduate assistant on-call rotation. Assistant Residence Coordinators…