Planning an event can be as simple as reserving a room for your meeting or as complicated as planning a multi-day program with dozens of break-out sessions, meals and coffee breaks, providing attendee registration websites, making sure your event is environmentally friendly, and the list goes on. But the key to a successful event, no matter the size, is planning.
Our team members are the primary campus contact point for services related to conferences and events in the Campus Center and across campus for faculty, staff, and students. We can assist you in reserving a space, ensuring your event follows university events and activities policies, coordinate equipment rental at another campus venue and more.
Looking for a space to reserve for your event, meeting, gathering, party, etc.? That's the best way to start your event planning process, and you've come to the right place.
Meeting Rooms
Meeting rooms are available in the Brodhead Center, Bryan Center, and other Student Affair spaces. These rooms area ideal for boardroom style meetings with less than 20 people. Meeting rooms are automatically confirmed upon booking a space.
Standard Spaces
Standard spaces are rooms which have a standard setup, but with additional notice and charges can be reconfigured. Most of the standard rooms fit 40 - 50 people. Once requested, clients will receive a follow up email within 3 - 5 business days to confirm the setup details and finalize the reservation.
Premier Spaces
Premier spaces are large facilities like Penn Pavilion and the Freeman Center. These are multi-functional spaces that can serve conferences, dances, signature events, and lectures. After requesting a premier space, clients will be sent an intake form to complete within 3 -5 business days. The intake form will be used to create the diagram of the event and confirm the other details.
Outdoor Spaces
Outdoor spaces such as Abele Residential Quad, Baldwin Quad, East Campus Gazebo and Trail can be requested at the button above. After requesting an outdoor space, clients will be sent an intake form to complete within 3 -5 business days. The intake form will be used to order any services required for the outdoor event.
Studio Spaces
Studio spaces such as the Arts Annex Studio I and II can be requested using the button above.
Duke in DC
Thinking of hosting a seminar, a workshop, a board meeting, a discussion panel, or even a small gathering of colleagues in Washington, D.C.? Duke faculty and staff acting in their official roles for the university are eligible to reserve event and office space.