The National Association of College and University Food Services (NACUFS) announced Duke Dining as the recipient of a distinguished NACUFS Nutrition Award. Duke Dining received a Gold Award, the highest achievement, in the category of ‘Most Innovative Wellness and Nutrition Program’ for the “Ask Me” Allergen Awareness Program. The NACUFS Nutrition Awards recognize the outstanding nutrition and wellness programs implemented within collegiate foodservice programs to meet the needs of a dynamic student population.
NACUFS member institutions across North America submitted entries in two categories – Most Innovative Wellness and Nutrition Program and Best Local Foods Recipe. NACUFS Chief Executive Officer, Robert Nelson, noted the exemplary quality of award submissions this year, saying, “In honoring recipients of the NACUFS Nutrition Awards, we acknowledge the tireless efforts and unwavering dedication of the exceptional individuals and teams who elevate the standard of campus dining across North America. Their innovative approaches and unparalleled passion for culinary excellence demonstrate the unequivocal value of campus dining, along with the community, health and well-being it fosters among college students. We proudly congratulate our winners on their outstanding achievements.”
The “Ask Me” Program was implemented in January of 2022. Grayson Crabtree, Program Director for Duke Dining said, “The “Ask Me” program supports students with food allergies and the “Ask Me” representatives prioritize student safety by understanding the importance of ensuring that students can meet their dietary needs by having access to allergen-free friendly dining on campus. It is exciting to receive the NACUFS award and be recognized for the hard work that went into this program that promotes a safe dining experience, allowing students to concentrate on academics and building lifelong relationships during their time spent on campus.”
Robert Coffey, Executive Director for Duke Dining said, “I would like to thank NACUFS and those that volunteer to judge all of the award entries. The NACUFS awards program allows universities the opportunity to share their innovative work and recognize the talented team members that develop, implement, and execute new dynamic program enhancements. I am honored for Duke Dining to receive this recognition and so thankful to work with such talented and caring team members.”
The ”Ask Me” Allergen Awareness Program was instrumental in another recent recognition where Duke Dining achieved FARECheck Gold Certification, the highest level of certification of the Food Allergy Research Education organization (FARE), and is the first college and university in the country to receive this accolade.
Learn more about the “Ask Me” Allergen Awareness Program here.
———
The National Association of College & University Food Services (NACUFS) was founded in 1958 by a group of college and university foodservice professionals from across the United States. Since its inception, NACUFS has focused on its mission to support and promote excellence in collegiate dining by providing members with the programs and resources they need to excel, from benchmarking and best practices to educational programming and professional networking. NACUFS institutional members range from private colleges to large public universities, including two-year and four-year institutions, spanning the United States, Canada, United Kingdom and beyond. Industry members include food and equipment manufacturers, distributors, brokers, foodservice support companies, councils, boards, trade associations, advisory commissions and other professional groups. For more information, visit NACUFS.org.