The Freeman Center Cafe is a Kosher establishment under rabbinical supervision, operated in partnership with Duke Dining and Jewish Life at Duke, serving made-to-order kosher deli classics, Mediterranean-inspired meals, and other favorites.
Duke is home to one of the most innovative, dynamic and cutting-edge collegiate dining programs in the country. No matter where you are at Duke, there's someplace you can go to find what you're looking for when the craving hits you. Our award-winning program features more than 45 restaurants and cafes with an abundance of options and nutritious choices that helped Duke earn top rankings as one of the best campuses for college dining!
Duke Dine-Out Mobile Ordering
Duke Dine-Out Mobile Ordering is available for pick-up at Bella Union, Beyu Blue, Cafe, Cafe 300, Farmstead, Freeman Center Cafe, Gothic Grill, Gyotaku, JB's Roasts & Chops, Il Forno, It's Thyme, McDonald's, Pitchfork's, Red Mango Cafe, Saladelia at The Perk, Saladelia at Sanford, Sazon, Sprout, The Skillet, Tandoor, Trinity Café, The Devil's Krafthouse, and Zweli's.
Here's how to order:
ADD YOUR DUKECARD TO APPLE WALLET ON IPHONE OR APPLE WATCH:
- Download and open Transact eAccounts mobile application from the App Store or Google Play
- Log in using your netID, password, and complete the MFA (multi-factor authentication)
- As a student, you should see your account balances and board plans
- In the Campus ID section, tap “Add Card to Wallet” to the right of the iPhone icon
- Tap “Next” on the following screen
- Tap “Agree” on the lower right corner on the Terms and Conditions page
- Wait for a notification at the top of the screen verifying your card has been added to the AppleWallet or Google Pay and press “Done” in the upper right corner
USING DUKE FOODPOINTS VIA TRANSACT APPLICATION FOR DUKE DINE-OUT:
- Download and open Transact Mobile Ordering by Transact Campus Inc. from the App Store
- Log in using your netID and password
- Tap “more” in the lower right corner of the screen
- Tap “Payment Methods” and select “DukeCard”
- Ensure your DukeCard is connected through your Apple Wallet or Google Pay
- Tap “Home” and select a venue
- From that venue menu, choose a meal selection and, after customizing your selection, tap “Add to Cart”
- When ready, tap “Check Out”
- Choose your method of payment and type of tender (in this case: DukeCard and below it select “Student Food”)
- Tap “Pay”
- Wait for a notification that your order is ready
- When ready for pick-up, scan the QR code provided in the application to complete your transaction
- Enjoy your meal!
- Rate, review, and contact dining@duke.edu
Devils Delivery
Devils Delivery makes campus dining more convenient than ever! Order from participating Duke Dining locations and have your campus favorites delivered to you at the designated pick-up location!
Participating Locations:
Cafe 300 at Swift:
Delivery to 300 Swift, only.
Monday-Thursday:
7:00am-9:00pm
Friday:
7:00am-10:00pm
Saturday:
9:00am-10:00pm
Sunday:
9:00am-9:00pm
Gothic Grill:
Thursday-Saturday:
6:00pm-12:00am
McDonald's:
Thursday-Saturday:
8:00pm-3:00am
Here's how to order:
Campus Delivery Pick-Up Locations:
East & Central Campus
Location: East Union/Phone: 919-660-3981
Manager: Tammy Hope
Marketplace, a 3 star Green Restaurant Association certified dining location features an all-you-care-to-eat* breakfast, dinner, and weekend brunch and an a-la-carte weekday lunch.
Duke Dining is the FIRST college/university dining program to be FARECheck Gold certified with Marketplace and Trinity Café being nut-free-friendly! Find out more here!
Continental Breakfast: 6:45am-7:30am (M-F)
Breakfast: 7:30am-11:00am (M-F)
Lunch: 12:00pm-2:00pm (M-F)
Dinner: 5:00pm-9:00pm (M-Su)
Brunch: 10:00am-2:30pm (Sa-Su)
VENUE DESCRIPTIONS:
Wood-Fired: Pizza made on-site in our brick wood-fired pizza oven.
Cucina: Deli-style venue for lunch and Durham Market southern fare for dinner.
Harvest: Harvest offers house-made vegetarian and vegan menu items.
Fusion: Rotates weekly between Stir-Fry and Taqueria Bar.
Durham Market: Grab a true taste of the South with our comfort foods and down-home, southern-style cooking.
1892 Grille: Offering your grilled favorites to include: hot dogs, hamburgers & chicken
Leaf & Ladle: Gourmet soup and salad bar set against a backdrop of our green herb wall.
Baker's Table: Cure your sweet tooth with our daily dessert selections.
DAILY DEVIL DEALS ($5.00)
Monday – Harvest: 1 Entrée / 1 Side
Tuesday – 1892 Grille: Veggie or Hamburger / 1 side
Wednesday –Wood Fired: Personal Pan Pizza / 1 piece whole fruit
Thursday – Leaf & Ladle: Large Salad
Friday – Cucina: Deli Sandwich/Potato Chips
FIRST-YEAR BOARD PLAN EQUIVALENCIES:
$5.90 breakfast equivalencies may be used at:
Marketplace: 12:00pm – 2:00pm
The Skillet: 7:30am – 2:00pm
Trinity Café: 8am – 12:30pm
$11.30 dinner equivalencies may be used at:
Freeman Center Cafe: 4:00pm-7:30pm (M-Th)
Trinity Cafe: 4:00pm-close
It's Thyme: 4:00pm-close
If the cost of your meal exceeds the equivalency amount, then Food Points will be utilized.
Location: East Campus Union
Phone: 660-3942
Manager: Beverly Fullard
East Campus' very own coffee bar serves gourmet coffees, smoothies, and fresh pastries. Light entrees, including salads, sandwiches, and sushi are also available. Stop in, grab a bite and relax in our cozy dining area.
Duke Dining is the FIRST college/university dining program to be FARECheck Gold certified with Marketplace and Trinity Café being nut-free-friendly! Find out more here!
Location: 300 Swift Ave.
Café 300 offers a full service coffee bar, breakfast all day, baked goods, grab and go sandwiches, salads and wraps prepared fresh every day, a wide range of meal replacement options and snacks to take on the go. Stop by the café and check out what we have, and feel free to communicate with our staff regarding the things you would like for us to carry. Open early so you can grab a quick breakfast and/or coffee before heading to class!
DAILY DEVIL DEALS ($5.00 or less)
Grilled Cheese Sandwich w/ Chips
Location: Freeman Center for Jewish Life, 1415 Faber St.
Phone: 919-684-1331
Please know that with any large-food service corporation cross-contamination can occur and we ask that you notify the manager on-site of your particular allergy so that we can provide you with the best possible information. We take food allergies seriously and will label to the best of our ability.
Accepts Cash, Food Points & Flex
Location: Nasher Museum of Art
Phone: 919-684-6032
Manager: Aidan Peters
Owner/Operator: George Bakatsias
Nasher Cafe accepts Food Points!
This sit-down restaurant serves a variety of locally grown and organic dishes, as well as upscale desserts and cappuccino-style beverages.
These food items are made without the listed allergens to the best of our knowledge. Please know that with any large-food service corporation cross-contamination can occur and we ask that you notify the manager on-site of your particular allergy so that we can provide you with the best possible information. We take food allergies seriously and will label to the best of our ability.
DAILY DEVIL DEALS ($5.00 or less)
- Soup du Jour & Ciabatta - $4.00
- Hummus & Pita - $5.00
- Fruit Salad/ Quinoa Salad/ Pesto Salad/ French Potato Salad/ Organic Field Green Salad - $3.50
- Grilled Cheese w/ Tomato - $5.00
Location: Duke Gardens
Phone: 919-660-3957
Manager: Jessica Bishton
Owner/Operator: Eric Dailey
Take a break at the Duke Gardens and enjoy fresh-made sandwiches and salads, ice cream bars, gourmet baked treats, and hot and cold beverages.
DAILY DEVIL DEALS ($5.00 or less)
Your choice of a LocoPop popsicle & Bottled Water
West Campus
Coffee, Tea, and Bakery Items
Daily Devil Deals ($5.00 or less)
-Small Hot or Iced Coffee and a Muffin
Beyu Blue Menu & Nutrition Information
Location: Outside the Bryan Center near entrance to Duke Store
Operator: Dorian Bolden
McDonald’s features a menu full of iconic favorites, including Big Macs, crispy fries, McChicken sandwiches, breakfast items, and McFlurries. From morning meals to late-night snacks, it’s a go-to spot for fast, familiar comfort food on campus.
Want your meal delivered? Order with McDelivery!
Daily Devil Deals ($5.00 or less)
-McDouble, McChicken, or Four-Piece Chicken McNuggets with Small Fries and Small Drink
McDonald's Menu & Nutrition Information
Location: Bryan Center, 2nd Level
Manager: Esmeralda Godiniz
Operator: Kyle Svilar
Gothic Grill offers small plates, soups, sandwiches, salads, tacos, burgers, pizza, and local ice cream!
Alchemy: Alchemy is Gothic Grill's bar establishment-open 4pm-close, seven days a week!
DAILY DEVIL DEALS ($5.00 or Less)
-Two Hot Dogs and a Side of Chips
Location: Bryan Center, 2nd Level
Operator: Reed Frankel
Duke Dining Pioneers the Nation’s First Top 9 Allergen-Free Campus Venue!
It's Thyme is the first top nine allergen free friendly dining venues of its kind offering made-to-order bowls with fresh ingredients free from the top nine allergens!
DAILY DEVIL DEALS ($5.00 or Less)
-Soup of the Day or a Cup of Dole® Whip
It's Thyme Menu/Nutrition Information
Location: Bryan Center, Plaza Level
Operators: Erik and Rebecca Dailey
West Campus
Brewing fresh coffee and offers fresh baked goods, frozen drinks, and novelty snack-foods.
Location: McClendon Tower
Operators: Sam Clowney & Rob Clay
Location: Duke Law School
Operator: The Picnic Basket
A campus favorite, Pitchfork's offers a diner-style menu in it's newly renovated space, with breakfast served late in the day!
DAILY DEVIL DEALS ($5.00 or Less)
-Bagel with Cream Cheese or an Egg and Cheese Biscuit
Location: McClendon Tower, Level 0
Manager: Scott Wells
Operators: Sam Clowney & Chris Holloway
Red Mango Café at Wilson Recreation Center offers a variety of healthy and delicious items to include a fresh fruit bar, smoothies and smoothie bowls including protein fortified, non-dairy and vegetarian options, skinny bagel sandwiches, made-to-order flatbreads and sandwiches, a complete juice bar serving made-to-order, pressed and ice-filtered juices and juice blends, four rotating flavors of nonfat, all-natural yogurt loaded with probiotics and complemented with an extensive choice of toppings, and finally a full array of beverages, nutrition bars and a variety of yogurt parfaits, salads and wraps.
Daily Devil Deals ($5.00 or Less)
-Cheese Stick, Two Boiled Eggs & a Bottled Water
Location: Wilson Recreation Center
Manager: Dennis Blocker
Operator: Steve Mosh
Saladelia @ Sanford Institute for Public Policy offers:
Beverage Bar
Brewed and blended to order, jump start your day with a cup of locally roasted Counter Culture coffee, fuel up for your classes with a nutrient-packed smoothie, or find your Zen with a wide variety of organic teas.
Hot Off The Press
Our hot panini sandwiches are pressed to perfection. Enjoy for breakfast or lunch!
Yum On The Run
With everything from fresh salads, sandwiches, and wraps, to scratch-made sweets, we’ve got something for every craving and mood! Take it for later or relax and enjoy in-house.
DAILY DEVIL DEALS ($5.00 or Less)
-Small Hot or Iced Coffee and a Pastry
Location: Sanford Institute for Public Policy
Operator: Robert & Fida Ghanem
Saladelia @ Perkins Library offers:
Beverage Bar
Brewed and blended to order, jump start your day with a cup of locally roasted Counter Culture coffee, fuel up for your classes with a nutrient-packed smoothie, or find your Zen with a wide variety of organic teas.
Yum On The Run
With everything from fresh salads, sandwiches, and wraps, to scratch-made sweets, we’ve got something for every craving and mood! Take it for later or relax and enjoy in-house.
DAILY DEVIL DEALS ($5.00 or Less)
-Small Hot or Iced Coffee and a Pastry
Location: Perkins Library
Operator: Robert & Fida Ghanem
This Irish pub nestled in Duke's Engineering building, CIEMAS, offers hot-out-of-the-oven breakfast pastries, made-to-order sandwiches, and fresh salads in addition to its classic blends of coffee.
DAILY DEVIL DEALS ($5.00 or less)
-Small Hot or Iced Coffee and a Muffin
Location: CIEMAS
Operator: Fares Hanna
Zweli's Cafe at Duke Divinity is family-operated, serving authentic Southern African cuisine based on the chef's eclectic palette. The dishes revolve around the mouth watering piri piri pepper, paired with flavorful vegan and vegetarian sides. Voted #1 Restaurant in Durham for Vegans and Vegetarians (Durham Magazine), Zweli's also has love for the carnivores. From 7-hour braised Oxtails and Stewed Goat to Piri Piri and/or Dovi Chicken, we cover all palettes. Our flavors are unforgettable, and Chef Zweli Williams makes sure of it as she was voted #1 Chef in Durham (Indy Week). The Zweli's concept is inspired by the chef's Zimbabwean upbringing and her love of spices from all over the world.
Daily Devil Deals ($5.00 or less)
-Grilled Chicken Wrap and a Piece of Whole Fruit
Location: Duke Divinity
Operator: Zweli Moyo
Offers locally-brewed coffee from Cocoa Cinnamon and Little Waves Coffee Roasters, bakery items, and snacks.
Daily Devil Deals ($5.00 or less)
-Small Hot or Iced Coffee and a Muffin
Location: Wilkinson Building
Operator: Fares Hanna
West Campus
Tastes from all over East and Southeast Asia, Ginger+ Soy is your passport to huge flavor. The menu, loaded with authentic recipes, has been crafted by skilled chefs. Take your choice from a huge selection of fine ingredients, then enjoy the sounds, sights and aromas as your meal is stir fried to perfection on the spot.
DAILY DEVIL DEALS ($5.00 or Less)
-White or Brown Rice, Veggies, Fried Egg, and Choice of Sauce
Gyotaku-Where the daily catch becomes a daily delicacy. Sit down at the bar and watch as Gyotaku combines the freshest ingredients into amazing, made-to-order sushi. Or enjoy a pre-made roll created by their master chefs. Either way, your taste buds will thank you.
DAILY DEVIL DEALS ($5.00 or Less)
-California or Veggie Handroll and Edamame
At JB’s Roasts & Chops, you’ll experience meat and potatoes the way they’re supposed to be— slowly roasted, deliciously seasoned and served fresh. This is a meal that’s on a whole new level. Place your order and enjoy a tried and true American meal that’s second to none.
DAILY DEVIL DEALS ($5.00 or Less)
-Snack-Sized Paella
CERTIFIED HALAL OPTIONS:
All chicken, including rotisserie and sandwiches
Sazón Latin American Table brings true, authentic Latin American cuisine to the Brodhead Center offering made to order arepas, tortillas and bowls created with fresh ingredients.
DAILY DEVIL DEALS ($5.00 or less)
-One Street Taco with Chips and Salsa or Plantains
Duke Cafe is a European inspired coffee shop that serves fresh pressed juices, exceptional coffee, hand-crafted crêpes, sandwiches, little-bites, and scratch-made gelato.
DAILY DEVIL DEALS ($5.00 or Less)
-Choice of a pastry item and a piece of fruit
Location: Brodhead Center
Operator: Robert & Fida Ghanem
Sprout will be sure to please any palate with vegetables ruling the tastes at this 100% vegan-inspired venue!
DAILY DEVIL DEALS ($5.00 or less)
-Chickpea Stew w/ Rice
Looking for authentic Indian food? Your search ends at the Brodhead Center where Tandoor has the enticing flavors you crave. Meats, breads and vegetables cooked in real tandoor ovens. This diverse menu features traditional recipes as well as fresh, modern takes on classic Indian meals.
CERTIFIED HALAL:
-All beef dishes
-All chicken dishes (except Chicken Manchurian)
DAILY DEVIL DEALS ($5.00 or less)
-Choice of Cabbage or Chana Masala with Rice and Naan
Location: Brodhead Center
The Chef's Kitchen's serves as a pop-up restaurant for lunch, Monday-Friday from 11am-3pm.
Find out more about The Chef's Kitchen, including cooking classes, here!
Valentine's Day Weekend
View the menu and make your reservations here.
Dinner Menu
Reservations are recommended.
Make a Reservation
Parties of five to eight guests should call 919-684-4619 to make a reservation and must receive confirmation before arrival. Parties larger than eight are not accepted for lunch.
(Reservations requested via voicemail are not valid until you have received a confirmation email or phone call.)
LUNCH (All-You-Care-To-Eat):
Monday-Friday: 11:30am-2:00pm
(Faculty, Staff, and Guests)
DINNER:
Tuesday-Saturday: 5:00pm-9:00pm
(Open to All)
EVERYDAY:
Chef’s Daily Selection of Fresh Lettuces, Toppings, & House Made Dressings; Assorted Fruits & Chilled Vegetables; Chef’s Selection of Composed Salads; Fresh Baked Bread
Head to the campus center pub for your favorite craft beers on tap and a great menu for pairing. Stop by The Devil’s Krafthouse during every Duke basketball away game for special viewing parties on the big screens. With seating available indoors and outside—the fun happens rain or shine.
DAILY DEVIL DEAL ($5.00 or less)
-Chicken Tender Snack Wrap
CERTIFIED HALAL OPTIONS:
All Chicken Items
Your favorite classic dishes just got a fresh, sustainable and healthier upgrade. Head to Farmstead for a meal that satisfies your tastes and your conscience. Following the Farm to Fork philosophy, this venue specializes in cooking up great meals using the finest ingredients—sourced from local suppliers whenever possible.
DAILY DEVIL DEALS ($5.00 or less)
-Specialty Chicken and Rice
Upscale Southern cuisine celebrating a rich tradition of home-style cooking with the best fried chicken and biscuits with breakfast served all day!
**Breakfast equivalencies are accepted until 2:00 PM M-F.
DAILY DEVIL DEALS ($5.00 or less)
-Two Chicken Tenders, one Side, and Two Hushpuppies
Specializes in authentic pastas, fresh salads and soup, and specialty pizzas made with our hand crafted dough, Neapolitan tomatoes, and top-quality mozzarella.
DAILY DEVIL DEALS ($5.00 or less)
-Slice of Pizza, Breadsticks, & a Side of Ranch Dressing
Panera Bread is located on on the Garden Level of the Brodhead Center, offering dine in, to go and Rapid Pick-Up® service. Visit the cafe or order online or on the Panera app.
DAILY DEVIL DEALS ($5.00 or less)
-Small Hot or Iced Coffee and a Bagel
Merchants-On-Points
Use your DukeCard loaded with Food Points to order a variety of foods for delivery.
For your convenience and safety, contactless delivery drop-off locations have been created and are listed below. Please let the restaurant know which drop-off location you are closest to. You must be present at that location when the food is delivered with your DukeCard for payment.
Deliveries can be made to Duke University campus, only. You must present your DukeCard ID to the merchant at time of delivery.
Note: You must set your DukeCard PIN to use the CellAuthorize payment system with these vendors. To set your PIN, visit My DukeCard and click on the DukeCard PIN button.
Please see below for our current list of Merchants-on-Points vendors and their delivery times:
Bulkogi @ The Can Opener
Seven Days a Week: 5pm to 9pm
Del Rancho Mexican Grill
Sunday-Thursday: 11am-10pm
Fri & Sat: 11am-11pm
(919) 479-9757
Devil’s Pizzeria
Seven Days a Week: 4:30pm-9:30pm
(919) 286-3090
Enzo’s Pizza Co.
Sunday-Thursday: 11am-10pm
Fri & Sat: 11am-11pm
(919) 309-3696
Mediterra Grill
Sunday to Saturday: 5pm to 10pm
(919) 383-0066
Sake Bomb
Sunday, Monday, Wednesday & Thursday: 5pm-9pm
Friday & Saturday: 5pm-10pm
*Closed on Tuesdays
(919) 401-4488
Sushi Love
Sunday-Wednesday: 6pm-9:30pm
Thursday-Saturday: 6pm - 10:30pm
919-309-2401
MOP Delivery Spot #3 Wannamaker Dorm Lane and Crowell Quad House BB
MOP Delivery Spot #4 Wannamaker Drive and Keohane Quad House B, 101 Wannamaker Drive
MOP Delivery Spot #5 Kilgo Quad House Q, 120 Union Drive
MOP Delivery Spot #6 Blackwell and 51 Brodie Gym Drive
MOP Delivery Spot #7 Swift Entrance, 300 Swift Avenue
Food Trucks
Food trucks provide yet another Duke Dining option and can be accessed with Food Points during fall and spring semesters. You can find the food truck calendar here.
Please see below for our current food truck partners:
Bon Fritay
Bulkogi
Gussy's
Magnificent Concessions
Sister Liu's
The Flat Drum
Latin Effect
Yalla