Below is a list of resources to assist students who may be experiencing food insecurity during their time at Duke.
Food Security Resources
Resources For Both Undergraduates and Graduate/Professional Students
Feed Every Devil
Created by Duke students in the Code+ Program, FED allows students to donate extra Food Points to a Duke-Managed Food Points pool. In turn, students experiencing food insecurity can request supplemental Food Points from the pool.
Personal Finance@Duke
Personal Finance@ Duke is a program designed to empower Duke Students to make informed financial decisions by providing them with financial management knowledge and skills necessary to navigate life events that affect everyday financial decisions, discuss issues surrounding personal finances, and plan for the future.
Duke Financial Aid
Your financial aid counselor can assist you in determining your financial options at Duke. Undergraduate Students can find more information at https://financialaid.duke.edu/. Graduate/Professional students should check with their academic program to determine your best point of contact
Resources for Graduate and Professional Students
GPSG Community Pantry
The student run campus pantry provides non-perishable food & goods for graduate and professional students. A valid Duke student ID is required for entry and program sign up.
Local Resources in Durham for All Students:
End Hunger Durham
EndHungerDurham supports food relief agencies, and those in need of food, with reliable information, networked collaborations, and advocacy for policies and initiatives aimed at ending poverty and hunger.
Food Bank of Central & Eastern North Carolina
A member of Feeding America, the Food Bank of Central and Eastern NC seeks to end hunger through solution building and community empowerment.
Durham County Food and Nutritional Services
Food and Nutrition Services is a federal food assistance program that provides low-income individuals & families the food they need for a nutritionally adequate diet. Benefits are issued via Electronic Benefit Transfer cards (EBT cards).