Report a Concern
If you are concerned about a student's health or behavior, and your concern is not considered an emergency, please submit a DukeReach report.
How DukeReach Can Help
The college experience can be stressful and overwhelming for many students. However, when a difficult situation interferes significantly with a student's well-being, it may be time to seek assistance. DukeReach provides non-clinical case management services including advocacy, intervention, referrals, and follow-up services for students who are experiencing significant challenges related to mental health, physical health, social adjustment, and/or a variety of other stressors. To that end, DukeReach aims to:
- Provide individualized support to students in managing all aspects of their personal, social, and academic success.
- Address questions or concerns about utilizing various campus resources.
- Assist students who are struggling to function academically, socially, or mentally due to a personal challenge or crisis.
- Aid students in identifying and navigating offices both on and off campus to meet their respective needs.
Emergency Assistance
If you or someone else is in any kind of immediate, physical danger call Duke Police at 919-684-2444 or 911..
Urgent After-Hours Support
Access Duke's Confidential Mental Health Crisis Line by calling 919-660-1000, option 2.
For urgent concerns after business hours, call Duke Police 919-684-2444.
If you are calling from an international number, contact Duke Police (919-684-2444) directly to ensure a prompt connection.
Student Emergency Funding
Student emergency funds assist Duke University students by providing financial support when they need assistance with unexpected, unforeseen, and unavoidable emergency expenses. Click here to learn more.
What happens when DukeReach receives a report related to:
DukeReach is required to report allegations of sexual misconduct of which they become aware. Click here for Gender Violence Resources.
If the report indicates concerns for a student's physical health we will notify and work alongside Student Health to coordinate support and provide a wellness check.
Residential Students: We will work with Housing and Residence Life staff to make contact with the student to ensure health and safety, and assess the situation to determine whether long-term follow-up is appropriate.
Off-campus and Graduate & Professional Students: DukeReach staff will attempt to connect with student via email, text or phone, to make contact with the student to ensure health and safety, and assess the situation to determine whether long-term follow-up is appropriate.
If the report indicates concerns for a student's mental or emotional health we will notify and work alongside CAPS to coordinate support and provide a wellness check.
Concerns for a student in distress: DukeReach staff will contact the reporter and student(s) involved and advise follow-up. We will include CAPS and an Emergency Department evaluation as necessary.
Concerns for harm to others: DukeReach staff will contact Duke Police, provide consultation, and follow up via Behavioral Assessment Team triage.
If the report indicates concerns for a student's academic success we will notify and work alongside the student's academic dean or the appropriate graduate or professional school contact.
If the report indicates housing-related concerns like a disagreement with a roommate, we will notify and coordinate with Housing and Residence Life to provide support and assistance.
If the report indicates needing help in gaining accommodations, whether housing or academic, we will notify and coordinate with the Student Disability Access Office to provide support and assistance.
MEET THE TEAM!
Victoria Krebs
Victoria (she/her) provides outreach and support for students who report or are accused of discrimination, bias, harassment, including sexual misconduct. She’s been at Duke since 2015, and in 2020 she began working on adaptable resolution cases, which offer students the option to resolve cases of harassment or misconduct outside of the formal conduct process. She holds a J.D. from the University of Tennessee, a M.S. in Education from the University of Rochester, and a B.A. in Psychology from Vanderbilt University.
Outside of Duke, Victoria enjoys spending time with her family and dogs. She also enjoys theatre, hiking, foraging for mushrooms, playing Mah Jongg, and being a wildlife rehabber for baby squirrels.
VICTORIA'S WELLNESS QUOTE TO STUDENTS:
"I did then what I knew how to do. Now that I know better, I do better.”
--Maya Angelou
Danita Horton
Danita (she/her) is a native of Durham, NC. She has a MA in psychology from North Carolina Central University, a Masters of Social Work from University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. She is a Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW) and a Licensed Clinical Addictions Specialist (LCAS). She selected UNC Social Work program to further her education and increase her efforts to reduce and decrease the stigma on behavior health in athletics & academics. She is a member of Higher Education Case Managers Association (HECMA) and Alliance of Social Workers in Sports (ASWIS). Her interests include extreme couponing, volunteering with Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc, and learning about strategies to support emotionally-healthy athletes & students.
Outside of her full-time job she enjoys spontaneous eventful outings with friends and being a Sports Wellness Consultant with the Carolina Dream Women’s Basketball team.
DANITA'S WELLNESS ADVICE TO STUDENTS:
Enjoy the moments in real time don’t always look to what is next (future) and miss the present. Enjoy being a college student and learn while making mistakes they will happen, and you will persevere.
Calvin Rausch
Calvin (she/her) is a master’s in public policy student at the Sanford School for Public Policy studying social policy and humanitarian aid. Calvin served as an AmeriCorps VISTA for Duke in 2023-2024 in campus food security efforts. Calvin hails from Atlanta, GA and received her undergraduate degrees from the University of Georgia.
CALVIN'S WELLNESS ADVICE TO STUDENTS:
Reach out to resources as soon as you think you may need them. Duke resources are meant for all students; don’t hesitate to reach out for help because you think your circumstances “aren’t serious enough”. We’re here to support you, no matter what you’re going through.
Nicholas Hart
Nicholas (he/him) is a recent graduate from the University of Illinois Chicago, where he earned a Bachelor of Arts in Economics with minors in Civic Analytics and Non-Profit Management. While at UIC, he held key leadership roles in Student Government, the University of Illinois Trustee Office, and other student-focused initiatives, where he was committed to driving positive change for his peers. Currently, he serves as an AmeriCorps VISTA with DukeReach. In this role, he advises the Community Pantry and collaborates with university partners to address and reduce food insecurity at Duke.
NICHOLAS'S WELLNESS ADVICE TO STUDENTS:
It’s okay to say no and prioritize your needs. Overcommitment can lead to burnout.