Everything You Need to Navigate Your Duke Experience
Wellness Resources
Students have access to a range of wellness resources and support through Duke’s Student Wellness Center.
Student Health is the primary source for a wide range of healthcare services for all Duke Students, many of which are covered by the student health fee.
To make an appointment call (919) 681-9355 and choose option 1.
Medical emergencies should call 911.
Learn MoreVirtual care from anywhere. Otherwise known as everywhere. Counselors, mental health professionals, and more. You name it, we've got it. And so do you, right in your pocket.
Timely care provides 24/7 virtual mental health support to all students at no cost through talk now and scheduled appointments.
Students studying at international locations may find information about support here.
Get StartedCAPS addresses a wide range of life circumstances that affect your ability to thrive. To get started, you can either call 919-660-1000 or visit in person Monday - Friday, 10:00am - 3:00pm on the 3rd floor of the Student Wellness Center. There is no appointment needed to get started with CAPS.
Access Duke's Confidential Mental Health Crisis Line by calling 919-660-1000, option 2.
Learn MoreManage your stress. Reduce your anxiety. DuWell engages students through a variety of wellness experiences across campus in an effort to manage stress and reduce anxiety while emphasizing self-care.
Learn MoreHelping you develop lifelong, healthy eating patterns by offering evidence-based, in-person and virtual nutrition consultations for all your nutritional needs.
To make an appointment: Email nutrition-appointments@duke.edu
Learn MoreHelping you make informed, safe, and healthy decisions. Having healthy relationships platonically, romantically, and sexually can be a fun part of your experience at Duke, but it often takes time and practice to navigate new social connections like relationships.
Learn MoreKeeping yourself and others safe. Whether you are looking for information or strategies for yourself, a friend, or for a larger organization, DuWell can work with you to develop an action plan for reducing the potential harm stemming from high-risk behaviors and activities.
Learn MoreIf you are concerned about a student's health or behavior, and your concern is not considered an emergency, please submit a DukeReach report.
Submit at DukeReach ReportAdditional Resources
Identity and Cultural Centers
The Student Affairs Identity and Cultural Centers (ICC) also serve as important resources and places of connection and support for all of our students. The centers offer programming and support throughout the year, including summer. Our ICCs include:
After-Hours Support
In the event of an emergency 24/7 contact Duke Police at 919-684-2444 or call 911
For urgent concerns in residential spaces after 5:00pm, contact the On-Call Resident Assistant (RA) or Residence Coordinator.
Phone numbers are posted within the residence halls.
Access Duke's Confidential Mental Health Crisis Line by calling 919-660-1000, option 2.
Resources Outside of Student Affairs
DukeLine
DukeLine is a peer-to-peer emotional support text service for undergraduate, graduate, and professional students. Created by Duke students and a team of mental health professionals, this group is knowledgeable about campus resources and are integrated into a network of leaders in the community who can help facilitate support.
Office for Institutional Equity
The Office for Institutional Equity (OIE) provides education and support for the Duke University and Duke Health community to advance Duke's shared values of respect, trust, inclusion, discovery, and excellence.
Duke Chapel & Religious Life at Duke
Duke Chapel acts as a moderator for the various faith groups at Duke. In partnership with the Division of Student Affairs, the Chapel convenes, supports, and advocates for all of the officially recognized Religious Life groups on campus that serve students, including Buddhist, Catholic, Hindu, Jewish, Latter-Day Saints, Muslim, Orthodox, and Protestant organizations and groups.
Duke LIFE
DukeLIFE promotes the academic excellence of students who are among the first in their families to attain 4-year degrees as well as those with high financial need.
Student Accessibility Services
Accessibility is an essential feature of the Duke campus, and we strive to create an inclusive community for all students.