Get Ready for Family Weekend 2026:
October 16-18
This is an annual tradition unlike any other! Duke's Family Weekend provides the opportunity for undergraduate parents and families to engage in the life of the University and cultivate a deeper understanding of the Duke student experience.
Registration will launch in early Fall.
Check out the 2025 Schedule and Family Weekend FAQ below to get a snapshot of what to expect from this exciting weekend.
Questions:
For questions about registration and ticketed events, contact Duke University Box Office
at: tickets@duke.edu or 919-684-4444.
For Family Weekend Football ticket questions, contact Duke Athletics Ticket Office at duaatix@duke.edu or (919)-681-BLUE (2583)
If you have general questions about Family Weekend, contact our office at: familyprograms@duke.edu or 919-684-3511.
For more information, please visit our webpage at: https://students.duke.edu/info-for/families/family-weekend/.
Family Weekend 2025 Schedule
Events marked with an asterisk* require an additional ticket from the Family Weekend registration site unless a different ticketing process is otherwise noted. Additional fees may apply.
Thursday, October 16, 2025 - Early Arrival
Hospitality Desk & Box Office Open (5:00 pm–7:00 pm)
Stop by to pick up a Family Weekend brochure and other giveaways, ask questions, and exchange or purchase additional tickets (pending availability). Those who did not register online may do so here. Hospitality and Box Office hours will also be offered on Friday, from 9:00 am to 5:30 pm, and Saturday, from 9:00 am to 1:00 pm.
Schaefer Mall (top floor), Bryan Center, West Campus
Friday, October 17, 2025
Hospitality Desk & Box Office Open (9:00 am–5:00 pm)
Stop by to pick up a Family Weekend brochure and other giveaways, ask questions, and exchange or purchase additional tickets (pending availability). Those who did not register online may do so here. Hospitality and Box Office hours will also be Thursday 5:00 pm to 7:00 pm, and Saturday, from 9:00 am to 1:00 pm.
Schaefer Mall (top floor), Bryan Center, West Campus
The Library Presents Duke Moms and Dads: Author David Grann (10:00 am–11:00 am)
Join the Duke University Libraries as we hear from #1 New York Times bestselling author and new Duke parent David Grann. Grann is a staff writer at The New Yorker magazine and author most recently of "The Wager: A Tale of Shipwreck, Mutiny, and Murder" (2023), named one of the best books of the year the New York Times, Wall Street Journal, TIME, Smithsonian, NPR, and others. He is also the author of "Killers of the Flower Moon: The Osage Murders and the Birth of the FBI," which was also a #1 New York Times bestseller and has been adapted into a major motion picture directed by Martin Scorsese. Grann’s other books include "The Lost City of Z," "The White Darkness," and "The Devil and Sherlock Holmes." Grann and his wife, producer and investigative reporter Kyra Darnton, are the parents of Ella, a first-year student at Duke, who will introduce her dad for this session.
Gothic Reading Room, Rubenstein Library 2nd Floor , West Campus
Student For a Day Lecture - Be Bold. Be You. Be Different. Craft your Personal Brand and Tell your Story of AMAZING! (10:00 am–11:00am)
In this interactive, hands-on workshop, you will develop your personal brand and learn how to tell your authentic story to others and the world. You will answer the questions of “Who are you” and “Why do you exist.”
One of Duke’s favorite student workshops!
Penn Pavilion - Event Space 2, West Campus
Flourishing at Duke: Supporting Student Well-being (11:00 am–12:00 pm)
Join Assistant Vice President for Student Well-being, Dr. Libby Skiles, and representatives from Student Health, Counseling and Psychological Services, and the Dean of Students Office for a panel conversation on student well-being and what it takes for students to flourish at Duke.
Penn Pavilion - Garden Level, West Campus
Learning at Duke (11:00 am–12:00 pm)
College learning brings new challenges, expectations, and opportunities. In this interactive panel, academic support staff and student leaders will share how campus resources—like learning consultations, tutoring, SAGE learning communities, and the writing studio— empower students to thrive. Families will leave with insight into supporting their student’s academic success while promoting independence and resilience.
Penn Pavilion - Event Space 1, West Campus
Navigating Hard Conversations in Challenging Times (11:30 am–12:30 pm)
Join university administrators for a conversation on how to both preserve freedom of speech and expression while also ensuring the safety and well-being of the campus community.
Penn Pavilion - Event Space 2, West Campus
Global Education Office Tabling (12:00 pm–3:00 pm)
Families and students are invited to stop by the Global Education Office's table to learn about Duke's study away programs. Speak with professional staff from the Global Education Office and start planning your global adventure!
Schaefer Mall (top floor), Bryan Center, West Campus
Health Professions Advising at Duke (12:15 pm–1:15 pm)
Join the Office of Health Professions Advising to learn how we support undergraduate students and alumni who are interested in health careers. Our office helps students plan courses and experiences to fit within a thoughtful, individualized Duke experience. At application time, we provide structured support, personalized guidance, and feedback. Come hear how the Health Professions Advising team can partner with your student to reduce stress, find joy, and be competitive for health professions after Duke.
Penn Pavilion - Event Space 1, West Campus
Duke Chapel Tour (12:30 pm–1:00 pm)
Join us for a student-led tour of Duke's iconic collegiate Gothic Chapel. Learn more about how the Chapel was built, its magnificent organs and stained-glass windows, and how students are integral participants in the Chapel's life today.
Duke Chapel Steps, West Campus
DukeEngage Information Session (1:00 pm–2:00pm)
This session will include a presentation about DukeEngage programs and opportunities. Families and students will hear from a panel of DukeEngage alums about their experiences in their respective programs.
Penn Pavilion - Event Space 2, West Campus
Discover the Duke University Libraries – Welcome Table (1:00 pm–3:00 pm)
Want to learn more about how the Duke University Libraries support every student and faculty member at Duke? Whether you’re new to Duke or returning to campus, the Duke Libraries have a wealth of resources, support, and opportunities to help your Duke student succeed. Stop by our table to pick up a self-guided tour and some fun library swag, connect with our library staff, explore our fascinating exhibits, and see how you can get the most out of one of the top 10 research library systems in the country.
Perkins Library, West Campus
Duke Margolis Institute for Health Policy - Open House (1:00 pm–3:00 pm)
This event is an opportunity for families to meet the educators and mentors who are working with Duke students to learn about and explore careers in health policy. Hosted by Gillian Sanders Schmidler, PhD, join us and hear more about how the Institute's research and educational initiatives help engage students across campus in health policy.
Margolis Office Suite, JB Duke Hotel, West Campus
Career Everywhere (For Everyone): Integrating Career Readiness Through the Entire Duke Experience (1:30 pm–2:15 pm)
This session will connect families with some of the staff at the Duke Career Center who will share about the career everywhere philosophy, Duke's career development process; the competencies that students will build during their time at Duke; resources and tools that your Blue Devil can access; and how you can partner with the Career Center to help develop your student's career readiness.
Penn Pavilion - Event Space 1, West Campus
*Tour of the Duke Lemur Center (Friday, 1:30 pm–3:30 pm)*
Come visit the lemurs in a relaxed, open-format event specially organized for Duke Family Weekend! You can walk through the outdoor tour path at your own pace, with staff and volunteers stationed all around to chat with you about the lemurs and answer any of your questions. There’s no need to arrive right at the start of this event – as long as you arrive at least 45 minutes before it ends, you will have plenty of time to see the lemurs before the tour path closes.
Please note that this is a ticketed event with limited spots available. If weather conditions are not suitable for humans and lemurs to safely and comfortably be outdoors, then this event will be cancelled, and you will be notified and refunded with as much notice as possible. Regular tickets are $15, and children's tickets (ages 3-12) are $12. Children 2 and under are free and do not need to be registered. Tickets are specific to the date and time registered and cannot be used for an alternate tour date and/or time.
Duke Lemur Center, 3705 Erwin Rd.
Writing Matters: Drop By and Chat at the Thompson Writing Program Table (1:30pm–4:00pm)
Families and students are invited to drop by the Thompson Writing Program table and learn more about how all writers can thrive at Duke and make their voices heard. What can writing accomplish? What have you accomplished through your writing? What have been your favorite/least favorite experiences as a writer? What makes writing hard? When and how do you write?
Schaefer Mall (top floor), Bryan Center, West Campus
Off-Campus Living (2:00 pm–4:30 pm)
Will your student move off campus after they return from abroad or for their senior year? The Duke Off Campus & Community Life Office is here to support students as they transition to life off campus. Stop by our table to learn about our support.
BC Plaza, West Campus
Student For a Day Lecture 2 - “Using Photogrammetry to Decipher Our Ancestors Preserved Footprints 3.6 Million Years Ago in Northern Tanzania” (2:30 pm–3:30 pm)
The Laetoli Paleontological Site in northern Tanzania is a World Heritage Site of Human Origins preserving the famous 3.6 million years old fossil hominin trackways documenting our ancestor’s positional behavior and upright walking. The discovery of the prints at Laetoli in 1976/78 contained the only definitive evidence about our ancestors walking on two feet almost four million years ago. During the 2023 - 2025 paleoanthropological field seasons, our team conducted extensive photogrammetry work to create a high-resolution 3D model, which provides insight on our ancestors’ differing gait pattern. Our project highlights the utility and effectiveness of photogrammetry as a research tool for deciphering ancient footprints.
Penn Pavilion - Event Space 1, West Campus
FOCUS Director Q&A (2:45 pm–3:45 pm)
This event is for the Focus families to hear about Focus from our wonderful directors! The directors will give a brief overview of their clusters, and then we will open up the floor for questions. We encourage parents and family members to come to this event without your students. Refreshments served.
Penn Pavilion - Event Space 2, West Campus
Nasher Museum Public Tour (3:00 pm–4:00 pm)
Enjoy a free tour at the Nasher Museum! Celebrate the Nasher’s 20th Anniversary by exploring new exhibitions and works in the museum’s collection with engaging tours led by museum gallery guides. No pre-registration required. Upon arrival, add your name to the list at the front desk to sign up for the next tour.
Nasher Museum of Art, 2001 Campus Dr.
*President's Welcome (4:00 pm–4:30 pm)*
Join President Vincent Price and Vice Provost/Vice President Mary Pat McMahon as they welcome Duke families back to campus. They will discuss current events on campus and engage in conversation with families.
Reynolds Theater, Bryan Center, West Campus
Swimming & Diving vs. North Carolina (4:00 pm)
All students and families are welcome to this event. Tickets are not required.
Taishoff Aquatics Pavilion, Wilson Recreation Center, West Campus
Family Weekend Reception (4:30 pm–6:00 pm)
Drop in anytime to meet other Blue Devil families for a warm and welcoming reception. Enjoy light refreshments and good company, with wine and beer available for purchase.
Krafthouse, West Campus
DISC Family Weekend 2025 (5:30 pm–8:00 pm)
“Friends are the family you choose. ❤️”
Come enjoy an opportunity to celebrate Duke's Family Weekend with the Duke international community (undergraduates, graduates, and their families). Enjoy delicious and multicultural food from Zweli's Cafe and soft drinks with classmates and community members from around the world.
Zweli's Cafe at Duke Divinity, West Campus
*Kabbalat Shabbat Service & Dinner with Jewish Life at Duke (6:00 pm–8:00 pm)*
Join Jewish Life at Duke to experience a Duke Shabbat! We start at 6:00 pm with a pluralistic Kabbalat Shabbat Service led by Rabbi Elana Friedman and students, followed by a kosher, family-style Shabbat dinner at ~7:00 pm. Come for all or part of the evening. Kabbalat Shabbat Service is free for all. Dinner is FREE for students and $20 for non-students. The event is hosted by Jewish Life at Duke, hosted at the Freeman Center for Jewish Life. Tickets for Shabbat dinner are available for purchase through the Family Weekend online registration form.
*Shabbat Service – 6:00 pm*
*Shabbat Dinner – 7:00 pm*
Freeman Center for Jewish Life, 1415 Faber Street, Durham
Piece by Piece Film (7:00 pm)
Singer-songwriter and producer Pharrell Williams has made a distinct name for himself in the entertainment industry for over thirty years. The musical narrative charts his life and career, shedding a whimsical light on the path he chose to pursue his passions while celebrating his uniqueness.
Griffith Film Theater, Bryan Center - Floor 2, West Campus
*Family Weekend Student Showcase #1 (7:30 pm)*
To quote John Updike, "what art offers is space—a certain breathing room for the spirit." At Duke, our students embody this idea, showcasing their talents through song, dance, comedy, and improv. These performances are a testament to the vibrant artistic spirit flourishing on our campus. Join us to experience the transformative power of our art. This event is proudly sponsored by duARTS.
Groups performing - Pitchforks, Speak of the Devil, Out of the Blue, SBSB, Devils en Pointe, Street Med, Ishq, Inside Joke, Lasya, Duke Chinese Dance, Duke Swing, Pureun, Nakisai, Sabrosura, Defmo
Page Auditorium, West Campus
*Duke Jazz Ensemble with Bill Cunliffe (8:00 pm)*
The Duke University Jazz Program proudly welcomes back distinguished alumnus, pianist, composer, and arranger Bill Cunliffe. He is a master of his craft, and his career is a testament to his creativity, his versatility, and his genius. A former student of the legendary Mary Lou Williams (who taught at Duke from 1977 until her death in 1981), Bill went on to become a powerhouse in the jazz world. He's a Grammy Award-winning arranger, an Emmy nominee, and a winner of the prestigious Thelonious Monk International Piano Competition. He's toured with the likes of the Buddy Rich Big Band and collaborated with icons such as Frank Sinatra, Joe Henderson, and Freddie Hubbard. His music, from his swinging big band compositions to his Latin-infused creations, is a vibrant and innovative blend of styles that delights audiences worldwide.
This evening’s performance will also feature a tribute to our colleague Bradley Simmons, who passed away this summer. Duke alumni who performed with his Djembe and Afro-Cuban ensembles will return to campus to pay tribute to Brad.
Baldwin Auditorium, East Campus
The Devil's Cineplex: Drive-In Edition! (8:40 pm–11:45 pm)
Join RCs Brian and Kayla for a Kilgo-Quad special event! At 9:00 pm, there will be an outdoor screening of "I Know What You Did Last Summer" (1997, R). Free theater-style popcorn will be provided! Residents are encouraged to create their own "car" out of a cardboard box for a rally around the quad during the intermission.
Crowell Quad (side closest to Kilgo Quad), West Campus
The Lego Movie (10:00 pm)
An ordinary LEGO construction worker, thought to be the prophesied as "special", is recruited to join a quest to stop an evil tyrant from gluing the LEGO universe into eternal stasis.
Griffith Film Theater, Duke West Campus, Bryan Center - Floor 2, West Campus
Saturday, October 18, 2025
Hospitality Desk & Box Office Open (9:00 am–1:00 pm)
Stop by to pick up a Family Weekend brochure and other giveaways, ask questions, and exchange or purchase additional tickets (pending availability). Those who did not register online may do so here. Hospitality and Box Office hours will also be Thursday, 5:00 pm to 7:00 pm, and Friday, from 9:00 am to 5:30 pm.
Schaefer Mall (top floor), Bryan Center, West Campus
*Tour of the Duke Lemur Center (Saturday, 10:00 am–12:00 pm & 1:30 pm–3:30 pm)*
Come visit the lemurs in a relaxed, open-format event specially organized for Duke Family Weekend! You can walk through the outdoor tour path at your own pace, with staff and volunteers stationed all around to chat with you about the lemurs and answer any of your questions. There’s no need to arrive right at the start of this event – as long as you arrive at least 45 minutes before it ends, you will have plenty of time to see the lemurs before the tour path closes.
Please note that this is a ticketed event with limited spots available. If weather conditions are not suitable for humans and lemurs to safely and comfortably be outdoors, then this event will be cancelled, and you will be notified and refunded with as much notice as possible. Regular tickets are $15, and children's tickets (ages 3-12) are $12. Children 2 and under are free and do not need to be registered. Tickets are specific to the date and time registered and cannot be used for an alternate tour date and/or time.
Duke Lemur Center, 3705 Erwin Rd.
Focus Family Weekend Symposium (10:00 am–11:30 am)
This event is where the Focus clusters show off what they have been doing so far this semester! You will be able to walk around Brodie Gym and see what your student and others have been up to, as well as chat with faculty and other families. This event will have snacks and drinks to take with you.
Brodie Gym (entrance by the tennis courts), East Campus
*Family Weekend Student Showcase #2 (10:00 am)*
To quote John Updike, "what art offers is space—a certain breathing room for the spirit." At Duke, our students embody this idea, showcasing their talents through song, dance, comedy, and improv. These performances are a testament to the vibrant artistic spirit flourishing on our campus. Join us to experience the transformative power of our art. This event is proudly sponsored by duARTS.
Groups performing - On Tap, Embodiment, Speak of the Devil, Deja Blue, Inside Joke, Lady Blue, Synergy, Dhamaka, Momentum
Page Auditorium, West Campus
Trinity College Reception for Students and Families (10:30 am–11:30 am)
Trinity College undergraduates and their families are invited to join the Office of Undergraduate Education, including Trinity’s First-Year Experience team, curriculum leaders, and key departmental representatives, for a conversation about undergraduate classes and programs.
Stage Area, Bryan Center Walkway, West Campus
Pratt School of Engineering - Engineering Student Government Answers your Questions! (10:30 am–11:30 am)
A few Engineering Student Government students (and possibly a few faculty members) will have a table set up on E-Quad for families to ask questions.
Engineering Quad (E-Quad), West Campus
DukeLIFE Family Weekend Brunch (10:30 am–12:00 pm)
Join us to meet the DukeLIFE Team!
Get to know the dedicated team supporting your highly aided or first-generation college student at Duke. Let’s work together to share insights and resources that will help our student community thrive.
Penn Pavilion, West Campus
*Mary Lou Williams Center Family Brunch (11:00 am–1:00 pm)*
Join us for the delightful and meaningful Mary Lou Williams Center Family Brunch, where we celebrate the bonds that unite us as a community and as a family. This event is a perfect opportunity to spend quality time with your loved ones, enjoy delicious food, and engage in meaningful conversations that celebrate our heritage and culture.
*This event is at capacity*
Rubenstein Arts Center (The Ruby)
Bean Pie and Chai Family Event (11:00 am–3:00 pm)
Bean Pie & Chai is a casual gathering held during Duke’s Family Weekend, inviting the families of Muslim students to visit the Center for Muslim Life (CML) and meet the staff who support students throughout the year. This event creates a welcoming and relaxed space for parents, students, and family members to connect over bean pies, a distinctive African American dish, and chai, a drink familiar in many immigrant Muslim communities. It’s a celebration of culture and community, reinforcing the idea that the Duke Muslim community is a diverse and caring family away from home.
Center for Muslim Life, Few GG, 420 Chapel Dr., West Campus
Club Blue Devil Tailgate (9:00 am–12:00 pm)
Come and join fans and families prior to kickoff. Right in the middle of all the pregame activity, this is the perfect spot for families to see the team walk, listen to the pregame radio show live, and enjoy live entertainment. Barbeque sandwiches, burritos, and beverages will be available for purchase via credit card. No tickets are necessary to enter, but gameday bag policies are in effect to enter Club Blue Devil. Plan on making this part of your plans for Family Weekend prior to the Duke-Georgia Tech football game! Festivities begin three hours before kickoff.
Tribull Plaza (outside of Wallace Wade Stadium), West Campus
*Duke vs. Georgia Tech Football Game (12:00 pm)*
Support the Duke Football team in their match against ACC rival Georgia Tech. Kickoff is at TBD. Families will be able to purchase tickets through an exclusive Family Weekend Athletics link after registering for Family Weekend online. Exclusive Family Weekend discounted rates start at $20, pending availability. Please note that the free ticket available to each student is for seating in the student sections. We encourage families who would like to sit with their Duke student to purchase an additional ticket for their student.
Brooks Field at Wallace Wade Stadium, West Campus
The Nasher Museum 20th Anniversary Celebration (12:00 pm–7:00 pm)
The Nasher Museum of Art is excited to welcome Duke Families join us in celebrating the Nasher Museum’s 20th anniversary and the grand opening of the Nancy A. Nasher and David J. Haemisegger Family Sculpture Garden. The day will feature four special exhibitions on view, including Everything Now All At Once, which highlights bold and innovative works from the Nasher’s contemporary art collection. Guests can enjoy art-making stations, interactive learning experiences, hands-on activities, and special performances throughout the day.
Nasher Museum of Art, 2001 Campus Dr.
Duke Gap Year Program Open House (3:30 pm–5:00 pm)
Members of the Duke Gap Year Program community are invited to drop by the living room at the Office of Undergraduate Admissions for light refreshments and conversation.
Office of Undergraduate Admissions - Living Room, 2138 Campus Dr.
*Duke Music Family Weekend Showcase Concert (7:00 pm)*
Celebrate Family Weekend with an evening of music that showcases the talent, energy, and creativity of Duke's vibrant music community. From stirring classical works to contemporary favorites, this concert highlights the range and excellence of our student ensembles and faculty artists. Bring the whole family to experience performances that will inspire, delight, and make this weekend truly unforgettable.
Baldwin Auditorium, East Campus
Family Weekend Carnival (7:00 pm–9:00 pm)
Our first-year students enjoyed a carnival to conclude their week of Experiential Orientation, and now, Devils After Dark welcomes our first-year community's family and friends to an evening of carnival-themed festivities!! We'll have plenty of carnival rides and games, sweet treats, giveaways, and more!!
The Backyard, East Campus
The Lego Movie (7:00 pm)
An ordinary LEGO construction worker, thought to be the prophesied as "special", is recruited to join a quest to stop an evil tyrant from gluing the LEGO universe into eternal stasis.
Griffith Film Theater, Duke West Campus, Bryan Center - Floor 2, West Campus
Piece by Piece Film (10:00 pm)
Singer-songwriter and producer Pharrell Williams has made a distinct name for himself in the entertainment industry for over thirty years. The musical narrative charts his life and career, shedding a whimsical light on the path he chose to pursue his passions while celebrating his uniqueness.
Griffith Film Theater, Bryan Center - Floor 2, West Campus
Sunday, October 19, 2025
Duke Catholic Mass and Brunch (9:00 AM & 11:00 AM)
Students and their families are invited to join the Duke Catholic Center for a hot brunch at Zweli's Cafe after Masses on Sunday. Masses are held in Goodson Chapel, inside the Divinity School, at 9:00 a.m. and 11:00 a.m., with brunch following both Masses. Meet with Duke Catholic Center staff and fellow Catholic families while enjoying a complimentary brunch. No registration required.
Goodson Chapel & Zweli's Cafe at Duke Divinity, 409 Chapel Drive, West Campus
*Family Weekend Bagel Brunch with Jewish Life at Duke (10:00 am–12:00 pm)*
Students and their families are invited to join Jewish Life at Duke for a delicious bagel brunch. Visit the Freeman Center for Jewish Life, the home of Jewish Life at Duke and the Rubenstein-Silvers Hillel, meet fellow families and the JLD staff, and nosh on a kosher brunch as you wrap up your visit to Duke. The event is FREE for students and $12 for non-students. Hosted by Jewish Life at Duke. Please register by completing the Family Weekend online registration form.
Freeman Center for Jewish Life, 1415 Faber Street, Durham
*Tour of the Duke Lemur Center (Sunday, 10:00 am–12:00 pm & 1:30 pm–3:30 pm)*
Come visit the lemurs in a relaxed, open-format event specially organized for Duke Family Weekend! You can walk through the outdoor tour path at your own pace, with staff and volunteers stationed all around to chat with you about the lemurs and answer any of your questions. There’s no need to arrive right at the start of this event – as long as you arrive at least 45 minutes before it ends, you will have plenty of time to see the lemurs before the tour path closes.
Please note that this is a ticketed event with limited spots available. If weather conditions are not suitable for humans and lemurs to safely and comfortably be outdoors, then this event will be cancelled, and you will be notified and refunded with as much notice as possible. Regular tickets are $15, and children's tickets (ages 3-12) are $12. Children 2 and under are free and do not need to be registered. Tickets are specific to the date and time registered and cannot be used for an alternate tour date and/or time.
Duke Lemur Center, 3705 Erwin Rd.
*Marketplace First-Year Family Brunch (10:00 am–2:00 pm)*
First-year students and their families are invited to a special Sunday Brunch.
Students do not need tickets, but they will be expected to use a meal plan swipe for entrance. Tickets for family members are sold per hour-long seating block. Tickets can be purchased through the Family Weekend registration site for 10:00 am, 11:00 am, 12:00 pm, or 1:00 pm seatings.
Marketplace, Wall Center for Student Life, East Campus
Duke Chapel Sunday Morning Worship Service (11:00 am)
Duke Chapel has a long—and living—tradition of faithful preaching and inspiring sacred music. You are invited to be a part of it at this ecumenical Christian worship service. Hear a sermon from Chapel Dean Luke A. Powery, singing by the Chapel Choir, and music from the Chapel’s organs.
Duke Chapel, West Campus
Nasher Museum Public Tour (2:00 pm–3:00 pm)
Enjoy a free tour at the Nasher Museum! Celebrate the Nasher’s 20th Anniversary by exploring new exhibitions and works in the museum’s collection with engaging tours led by museum gallery guides. No pre-registration required. Upon arrival, add your name to the list at the front desk to sign up for the next tour.
Nasher Museum of Art, 2001 Campus Dr.
Parking Information
Thursday, Oct. 16th | Friday, Oct. 17th | Saturday, Oct. 18th | Sunday, Oct. 19th |
Bryan Center Garage (PG4)* | Bryan Center Garage (PG4)* | Bryan Center Garage (PG4)* | Bryan Center Garage (PG4)* |
Chemistry Lot | Chemistry Lot | Campus Drive Lot | Campus Drive Lot |
Circuit Lot | Campus Drive Lot | Circuit Lot | Chemistry Lot |
Jogging Trail Lot | Circuit Lot | H Lot | Science Drive Garage (SDG) |
| Grounds Lot |
|
|
| Research Drive Garage (RDG) |
|
|
| Science Drive Garage (SDG) |
|
|
Family Weekend FAQs
Family Weekend is an informative, engaging, and important yearly tradition! Over the course of the Weekend, Duke welcomes parents and families to visit campus in order to interact with the organizations, people, and places that have become so important to your student.
Each year, we look forward to topical and interesting programs by staff, presentations from faculty, and interactions with special members of the student community.
Family Weekend 2026 is Friday, October 16 through Sunday, October 18.
Registration for Family Weekend will be posted to this website in early Fall.
Each year we collaborate with Athletics and other stakeholders across campus with the hopes of hosting Family Weekend during a home football game weekend.
For Family Weekend 2025, Duke football will host Georgia Tech on Saturday, October 18.
Countdown to Craziness is run by Duke Athletics and is separate from Family Weekend.
In addition to the opportunity to experience programs, discussions, concerts, performances, and more from members throughout the Duke community, attending Family Weekend also provides a wonderful chance for you to spend quality time with your student. Not only does it strengthen your relationship, but it can also provide your student with the opportunity to bridge the gap between their lives both on and away from campus.
Family Weekend typically includes three days of programming and opportunities for you to engage with your student. Family Weekend is designed in a conference format where you choose which sessions to attend. Each day has many activities—too many for one person—so you’ll pick what feels most relevant to you and exciting for your family.
Friday is the busiest. Programming starts mid-morning and continues into the evening. Your student will have a regular class schedule this day, so the events are more intentionally geared towards parents and visiting family members. More programming is offered on Saturday with more opportunities to attend events alongside your student. Sunday is the lightest, with most activities wrapping up by midday.
Please do not hesitate to give us a call at 919-684-3511 or email us at familyprograms@duke.edu if you have questions regarding the weekend's activities.