Welcoming Marcela Torres-Cervantes and the New CMA Leadership Team
February 26, 2026
The Center for Multicultural Affairs is entering an exciting new chapter, and we are thrilled to welcome Marcela Torres-Cervantes (she/her/hers) as the new Director of CMA. At its heart, the CMA is a space where students explore identity, build meaningful relationships, and find community rooted in care and advocacy. As…
World Cruise Dinner at Marketplace
Take your tastebuds on a global journey—no passport required! Join us for the World Cruise Themed-Dinner, featuring bold and authentic flavors and signature dishes from…
2026 Summer Transition Series (Graduate & Professional Students)
Hello, incoming students, and welcome to Graduate and Professional Student Services’ Summer Transition Series! This series will help you: INTERACT: Meet knowledgeable members of the…
2026 Graduate-Professional Student Appreciation Week
Graduate and Professional Student Appreciation Week events at Duke are an excellent opportunity for students to come together and engage in activities that promote social…
Valentine’s Day Weekend at The Commons
Join us for a Valentine’s Day weekend Pre-Fixe dinner at The Commons!$70/Person Reservations Recommended. Parties of five to eight guests should call 919-684-4619 to make…
Black History Month Dinner at Marketplace
In 2026, we celebrate a powerful milestone – 100 years of national commemorations honoring Black history. This legacy began with visionary scholars and leaders Dr.…
Mardi Gras Dinner at Marketplace
Tuesday, 2/175PM-9PMMarketplace MENU: Mardis Gras Meal Tuesday, February 17th 1892 Grill:Shrimp Po Boy with Remoulade Croque MonsieurHush Puppies Spicy Black Bean Burgers on Bun Cajun…
Duke Dining Recognized for Best Comprehensive Allergen-Free Dining Program
Food Allergy Research and Education (FARE) has recognized Duke Dining as having the ‘Best Comprehensive Allergen-Free Dining Program’ an award that honors institutions that demonstrate…
Duke Dining Wins Prestigious National Awards
January 6th, 2026-Duke Dining has once again earned national recognition with Gold and Grand Prize Loyal E. Horton Dining Awards from NACUFS (National Association of…
Reunion Weekend 2026 with Jewish Life at Duke
Happy Reunion Weekend! Join the Jewish Life at Duke at the Freeman Center for Jewish Life for special reunion events on April 10-12, 2025.
Thanksgiving at The Commons
Thursday, 11/27/2025 11:00 AM-3:00 PMThe Commons $14.25/Guest Reservations are RecommendedParties of five to eight guests should call 919-684-4619 to make a reservation and must receive…
Alumni Gift Ensures Continuity of Duke Shabbat Dinners
Duke alumni Lynne Bornstein Bermont ’96 and Bill Bermont ’97 met at a Duke Hillel Shabbat gathering in Duke Gardens as undergraduates. More than thirty…
Wild Kitchen Series: Herbal Syrups
There’s something magical about transforming simple ingredients of herbs, fruits, and spices into a flavorful syrup that can elevate everyday drinks and desserts. In The…