Venue and Production Management is proud to be an integral part of Duke University's arts and creative community. We look forward to having you work with us or seeing you in our audience soon!
Venue and Production Management strives to support the success and excellence of world-class arts and cultural engagement for the betterment of Duke University and the community at large.
Venue and Production Management provides opportunities for Duke students, faculty, staff, and the local community to engage with the arts. We strive encourage meaningful enrichment for all in a safe and welcoming environment for all. We uphold a culture of excellence, innovation, and efficiency in delivering projects for all of our clients and audiences.
The Venue and Production Management team oversees performing and arts spaces on campus, as well as the Duke University Box Office. The Duke University Box Office, located in the Bryan University Center, provides ticketing services for events and cultural events on campus.
Venue and Production Management oversees a wide array of campus performance and operations and spaces including: Duke University Box Office, Page Auditorium, Reynolds Industries Theater, Sheafer Lab Theater, Griffith Film Theater, Baldwin Auditorium, Arts Annex, Bryan Center Scene Shop, and the Rubenstein Arts Center, which includes von der Heyden Studio Theater, Ruby Lounge, Film Theater, Studios and The Gallery.
The team supports a wide variety of external users, as well as campus partners including student organizations, academic departments, Division of Student Affairs, Duke Arts, University Ceremonies and Events, American Dance Festival, Duke Lemur Center, and the Full Frame Documentary Film Festival.
For more information: tickets.duke.edu
The Venue and Production Management team oversees the reservations and operations for the following campus spaces: Page Auditorium, Reynolds Industries Theater, Sheafer Lab Theater, Baldwin Auditorium, Griffith Film Theater, and the Rubenstein Arts Center (including von der Heyden Studio Theater, Ruby Lounge, Film Theater, Studios and Gallery). For information on reserving other facilities on campus, please contact the department affiliated with the space directly.
Our full service operation includes a wide variety of offerings that can be suited to your specific event needs. We work with groups who are seasoned presenters and groups that are planning their very first event. We are here to work with you through each step of the process! We look forward to making your event a success.
The Duke University Box Office located in the Bryan University Center provides ticketing services for all art and cultural events on the campus including student programs, academic departments such as Theater Studies and Music, Duke Performances, and the American Dance Festival. In addition, the Box Office supplies ticketing services to the Nasher Museum of Art and the Full Frame Documentary Film Festival.
visit the box officeThe Arts Annex is the hub of Duke's student art scene. This space is home to rehearsal, studio and programming spaces for student artists and organizations. The Arts Annex makes the arts accessible to all Duke students by providing increased resources, enhanced programming, and a welcoming environment that inspires self-expression, exploration, and collaboration. At the Annex, you can work on your own creative project or take a free workshop to learn something new.
Location
- 404 Gattis St, Durham, NC 27701
- The Arts Annex is located on East Campus, off of bus routes (C1, C2 & CSW) that run along Campus Drive.
Workstudy Positions Available
If you are interested in a hands-on experience in the arts, work-study positions are available. Opportunities include costumes, scenery, props, lighting, sound, ticketing, and management. All student regardless of federal work-study status may qualify for Duke work-study to be eligible for these positions. All positions require a weekly commitment of at least 8 hours. Please contact Venue and Production Management with a resume and interest statement to apply.