Get in touch!
For general inquiries, please email us: studentaffairs@duke.edu. This email is monitored during business hours.
Please do not send medical records of any kind to the above email address.
If you are trying to submit insurance, immunization records, or any other health-related materials, please contact Student Health.
Need assistance?
Visit our Resources page where you'll find emergency contacts, information on the Duke Community Standard, mental health and wellness resources, how to report a concern, and more.
In case of an emergency in which your or another's immediate safety is at risk, please call Duke Police at 919-684-2444. If calling off campus, dial 9-1-1.
For urgent health and safety concerns, access Duke's Confidential Mental Health Crisis Line by calling 919-660-1000, option 2.
Our Leadership Team
Mary Pat McMahon
Vice Provost/Vice President of Student Affairs
Chris Rossi
Associate Vice President, Resource Administration and Planning
Jeanna McCullers
Assistant Vice President, Dean of Students Office
Clay Adams
Assistant Vice President, Dean of Students Office
Libby Skiles
Assistant Vice President, Student Wellbeing
Margot Cardamone
Chief of Staff
Dawna Jones
Assistant Vice President, Identity Centers & Community Development
Greg Victory
Assistant Vice President, Executive Director for the Career Center
Bobby Kunstman
Assistant Vice President, Campus Life
Robert Coffey
Executive Director of Dining Services
Jennifer Kelly
Director of Human Resources for Student Affairs
Ali Harrison
Senior Associate Dean of Students, Residence Life
Ben Adams
Senior Associate Dean of Students, QuadEx
Our Departments
Career Center
The Career Center provides career services of the highest standard to Duke undergraduates, graduate students and alumni of Trinity College, the Pratt School of Engineering and the Graduate School. Working in partnership with faculty and colleagues, and recognizing that each individual has unique needs, our staff members help students and alumni make the most of their Duke education, resources, and connections; develop career interests and values; and find satisfying work.
Conference & Event Services
Conference and Event Services provides the Duke community with the services and equipment necessary for successful meetings, conferences, and other special events on campus. Our team members are the primary campus contact point for services related to conferences and special events in the Campus Center and across campus. We can assist you in reserving a Campus Center space or coordinate equipment rental at another campus venue.
Counseling & Psychological Services
The professionals at CAPS are here to help you enhance your strengths and develop abilities to successfully live, grow and learn in your personal and academic lives. CAPS staff also provide outreach to student groups, particularly programs supportive of at-risk populations, on a wide range of issues impacting them in various aspects of campus life.
Center for Multicultural Affairs (CMA)
CMA offers co-curricular based cross-cultural programs to Duke students, and provides holistic support on multi and intercultural issues for the university community.
Center for Muslim Life
Muslim Life at Duke is committed to enriching the lives of Duke's Muslim students through programs and services that cater to their spiritual, social and intellectual needs.
Center for Sexual and Gender Diversity (CSGD)
CSGD provides education, advocacy, support, and space for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, questioning, and straight-allied students, staff, and faculty at Duke, as well as alumni/ae and members of neighboring communities.
Duke Dining
Duke is home to one of the most innovative, dynamic, and cutting edge collegiate dining programs in the country. Duke Dining provides a variety of ways tempt and please your palate with access to over 50 dining locations that include 34 on-campus locations, Merchants-on-Points (MOPs-off-campus restaurants that deliver), and food trucks.
Duke International Student Center
Duke International Student Center assists international undergraduate, graduate and professional students and their families with orientation and acclimation; enhances cross-cultural interaction among students, faculty and staff.
DukeReach
DukeReach provides comprehensive services to identify and support students in managing all aspects of their wellbeing. We provide case management services including coordination, advocacy, referrals, and follow-up services for students who are experiencing significant difficulties related to mental health, physical health, and/or psycho-social adjustment.
DuWell
DuWell looks at the integration of many areas of their life through areas of wellness promotion and risk mitigation. We engage students through a variety of wellness experiences across campus in an effort to manage stress and reduce anxiety while emphasizing self-care.
Gender Violence Education & Outreach
The Office for Gender Violence Education and Outreach is a trauma-informed resource on Duke's Campus that aims to empower students through education, awareness, and proactive measures to create a campus community free from violence.
Graduate & Professional Student Services
If you are a graduate or professional student at Duke, Student Affairs is here for you. Almost all of the programs, services and resources offered by Student Affairs are available to graduate and professional students. From health and wellness support to post-degree career planning to exploring cultural diversity to exercising your personal interests through student groups, we've got you covered.
Housing & Residence Life
Housing and Residence Life (HRL) manages all aspects of the university’s three-year undergraduate residency requirement. Residential programs are designed to build positive communities that value learning, create new opportunities for faculty engagement, and generate positive social connections.
Jewish Life at Duke
Jewish Life at Duke is comprised of the Freeman Center and the Rubenstein-Silvers Hillel. This combination works to foster and enrich Jewish life for students, faculty and staff through social, educational, religious and cultural activities.
Mary Lou Williams Center for Black Culture
The Mary Lou Williams Center for Black Culture promotes racial understanding, builds community, and fosters an appreciation for and increased knowledge of Black people, Black history, Black culture, and the vast contributions of people of the African Diaspora.
New Student & Family Programs
The Office of New Student & Programs provides programs and resources to our new student populations and their families. We provide part of the foundation of the undergraduate experience and serve as a resource and support network for new students.
Office of Assessment
The Office of Assessment in Student Affairs leads assessment efforts and planning in the Division of Student Affairs. Through leadership, training, and collaboration, we promote a culture of assessment to maximize program, service, and operational effectiveness to improve student learning and success at Duke.
Office of Student Conduct & Community Standards
The Office of Student Conduct and Community Standards strengthens personal responsibility and accountability through investigation and resolution of alleged violations of university policies. We encourage honesty, integrity, and respect within the campus community as promoted by our honor code, the Duke Community Standard.
Office of Student Veterans
Duke is proud to have military veterans as part of our community of students, faculty and staff. To support your time at Duke we have brought together many resources from throughout the Duke and Durham community. We hope that you will take advantage of the available resources and let us know how we may assist and support your needs.
Staff Resource Office
The Staff Resource Office serves our approximately 1000 professional and student staff members in the Division of Student Affairs. We’re your dedicated team for all things related to human resources, payroll, professional learning, staff wellness, and organizational development.
Student Affairs Communications
We tell the story of Student Affairs. It is our mission to communicate clearly with students to foster a culture of belonging and well-being. Through conversations, brainstorming, strategic planning, and implementation, we strive to share Student Affairs key messages to the right audience at the right time.
Student Affairs Sustainability
Student Affairs Office of Sustainability is a resource to students, faculty, and staff interested in engaging in sustainability efforts in and around areas of Student Affairs.
Student Health
Student Health offers a wide range of healthcare services for all Duke students, many of which are covered by the student health fee. Every time you need services, you'll discover professional and compassionate care that directly contributes to your well-being and overall success.
Student Involvement & Leadership
Leadership development and student organization support are the cornerstones of the Student Involvement & Leadership team. Visit this group to learn more about programs and services including student organization support, leadership development, DukeGroups, and more.
Time Away Office
Time Away empowers students to take time off when they feel it is necessary to align their personal and academic paths, enables them to seek time away with minimal administrative burden, and provides connection and support to facilitate a successful return. Our goal is to work with all our campus partners to streamline your leave experience, to ensure continuity and connections, and to make sure you experience a supportive, warm and care-centered leave and return process.
Venue & Production Management
The Venue and Production Management team oversees the performing and arts spaces on campus, as well as the Duke University Box Office and the Arts Annex. VPM manages the reservations and operations for all of the major theater spaces on campus, including the Rubenstein Arts Center. The Duke University Box Office located in the Bryan University Center provides ticketing services for all art and cultural events on the campus.
Women's Center
The Women's Center works to improve the status of women in higher education at Duke. In collaboration with student groups and faculty and staff colleagues, the Women's Center offers information, advocacy, technical assistance, referrals, and programming on a variety of gender-related issues.
Where are we located?
Check out the map below to find where our offices are located. Stop by and say hello!